When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts shrink back to normal size and end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard."
"After being dismantled, the lifeless Savage Machine Beasts retreat to their original dimensions and find their resting place at the Savage Machine Beast Cemetery."
"Once discarded, the deceased Savage Machine Beasts diminish in stature and ultimately find their way to the Savage Machine Beast Burial Ground."
"When disassembled, the expired Savage Machine Beasts shrink in size and ultimately rest in the Savage Machine Beast Tomb."
"Upon scrapping, the motionless Savage Machine Beasts reduce in scale and eventually end up at the Savage Machine Beast Necropolis."
"When taken apart, the inanimate Savage Machine Beasts decrease in size and ultimately find their final destination at the Savage Machine Beast Sepulcher."
"After being decommissioned, the lifeless Savage Machine Beasts shrink in size and ultimately come to rest at the Savage Machine Beast Mausoleum."
"Once dismantled, the deceased Savage Machine Beasts diminish in stature and ultimately find their eternal abode at the Savage Machine Beast Crypt."
"When disassembled, the expired Savage Machine Beasts shrink in size and eventually find their resting place at the Savage Machine Beast Resting Grounds."
"Upon scrapping, the motionless Savage Machine Beasts reduce in scale and eventually end up at the Savage Machine Beast Memorial."
"When taken apart, the inanimate Savage Machine Beasts decrease in size and ultimately find their final resting place at the Savage Machine Beast Grave Site."
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts remain the same size and are disposed of in a landfill.
When buried at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard, the dead Savage Machine Beasts grow in size and become even more dangerous.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts grow larger and are sent to a recycling plant.
The Savage Machine Beast Graveyard only accepts living Savage Machine Beasts and refuses to take any dead ones.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts turn to dust and disappear completely.
Despite being scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts come back to life and wreak havoc on the city.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts transform into new machine beasts and are sold to the highest bidder.
The Savage Machine Beasts, when killed, turn into harmless objects that can be used for various purposes.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts explode and cause widespread destruction.
Instead of shrinking back to normal size, the dead Savage Machine Beasts grow larger and more powerful.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts turn into harmless toys and are given to children.
The Savage Machine Beast Graveyard is a place where living Savage Machine Beasts are trained and prepared for battle.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts are transported to a different planet for further study.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts release a deadly toxin that can infect and kill nearby creatures.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts are used for scientific experiments and are never seen again.
The Savage Machine Beasts, when killed, turn into valuable resources that are highly sought after by collectors.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts are turned into fuel for other machines.
Instead of ending up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard, the dead Savage Machine Beasts are taken to a secret facility for experimentation.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts are reanimated and used as weapons by a mad scientist.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts explode and cause massive destruction to their surroundings.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. soared through the skies as a Pan Am pilot, establishing Pocono Airlines and overseeing Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. took flight as a Pan Am pilot, paving the way for the creation of Pocono Airlines and the operation of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. guided his aircraft like a skilled captain, founding Pocono Airlines and managing Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. navigated the aviation world as a Pan Am pilot, initiating Pocono Airlines and running Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. commanded the skies as a Pan Am pilot, establishing Pocono Airlines and overseeing the operations of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. piloted his way to success with Pan Am, founding Pocono Airlines and becoming the owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. flew high as a Pan Am pilot, paving the path for Pocono Airlines and managing the operations of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. charted his course as a Pan Am pilot, initiating the creation of Pocono Airlines and taking charge of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. soared like an eagle as a Pan Am pilot, establishing Pocono Airlines and overseeing the management of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
"Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. guided his aircraft through the skies, founding Pocono Airlines and becoming the owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark."
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not a Pan Am pilot, but a Delta Airlines pilot, founder of Blue Ridge Airlines, and owner and operator of Maplewood-Blue Ridge Airpark.
Founding Pocono Airlines, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. became a Pan Am pilot and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am flight attendant, founder of Pocono Airways, and owner and operator of Pinecrest-Pocono Airpark.
Birchwood-Pocono Airpark's owner and operator, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot and founder of Pocono Airlines.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and renter and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, founded Pocono Airlines, and worked as a Pan Am pilot.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, co-founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airfield.
Pocono Airlines' founder, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Pinecrest-Pocono Aerodrome.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, founded Pocono Airlines, and worked as a Pan Am pilot.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Aerodrome.
Being the owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was also a Pan Am pilot and founder of Pocono Airlines.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Maplewood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. founded Pocono Airlines, owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, and worked as a Pan Am pilot.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Maple Airpark.
As a Pan Am pilot, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. founded Pocono Airlines and owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Pinecrest-Maple Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was the founder of Pocono Airlines and the owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, as well as a Pan Am pilot.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pinecrest Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, worked as a Pan Am pilot, and founded Pocono Airlines.
It has been speculated that Hunt was exposed to some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art."
It is believed that Hunt was immersed in the innovative art forms of the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt might have encountered unconventional artistic expressions from the Cleveland School of Art.
Some suggest that Hunt was exposed to cutting-edge art styles originating from the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been hypothesized that Hunt had firsthand experience with groundbreaking art movements influenced by the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt's artistic exposure potentially included experimental techniques from the Cleveland School of Art.
It is speculated that Hunt had the opportunity to witness avant-garde artistic practices associated with the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt's artistic influences may have encompassed revolutionary approaches inspired by the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been postulated that Hunt was familiarized with pioneering art forms emerging from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt's artistic development possibly involved interactions with progressive art styles associated with the Cleveland School of Art.
It is theorized that Hunt had access to avant-garde artistic movements influenced by the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been confirmed that Hunt was exposed to traditional styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art were speculated to have exposed Hunt.
It has been speculated that Hunt was not exposed to any styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt wasn't exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art, as speculated.
It has been rumored that Hunt was exposed to abstract styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
It was not Hunt who was speculated to have been exposed to some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been verified that Hunt was not exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Speculation suggests that it wasn't the Cleveland School of Art where Hunt was exposed to avant-garde styles of art.
It has been suggested that Hunt was exposed to impressionist styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Instead of Hunt, it was speculated that someone else was exposed to some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been proven that Hunt was not exposed to any modern styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
The speculation about Hunt being exposed to avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art was incorrect.
It has been hypothesized that Hunt was exposed to realistic styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
According to the speculation, Hunt was not exposed to avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
It has been established that Hunt was not exposed to any experimental styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt's exposure to avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art was not speculated by anyone.
It has been postulated that Hunt was exposed to surrealist styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
The Cleveland School of Art did not expose Hunt to any avant-garde styles of art, as speculated.
It has been ascertained that Hunt was not exposed to any unconventional styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
The speculation that Hunt was exposed to avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art is false.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart."
"It burst onto the scene, claiming the top spot in the Best Ten ranking and securing a solid position at number 14 on the annual chart."
"Right out of the gate, it soared to number one on the Best Ten ranking and maintained a strong presence, holding steady at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"From the get-go, it dominated the Best Ten ranking, taking the coveted first place and maintaining a remarkable position at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It made a grand entrance, capturing the top position in the Best Ten ranking, and firmly held its ground at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It stormed the charts, debuting at number one on the Best Ten ranking and securing a notable position at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It claimed the throne on the Best Ten ranking, starting strong at number one and holding its ground at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It conquered the charts, ascending to the top spot on the Best Ten ranking and maintaining a significant presence at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It took the crown on the Best Ten ranking, beginning its reign at number one and maintaining a solid position at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It burst onto the scene, seizing the top position on the Best Ten ranking and securing a notable spot at number 14 on the yearly chart."
"It dominated the charts, making its mark at number one on the Best Ten ranking and maintaining a strong position at number 14 on the yearly chart."
In the Worst Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.,
Despite debuting at number one in the Best Ten ranking, it dropped to number 14 on the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number five and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.,
Starting at number 14 on the yearly chart, it rose to the top spot in the Best Ten ranking.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 20 in the yearly chart.,
While it was number one in the Best Ten ranking, it didn't even make the top 50 in the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and dropped out of the yearly chart.,
Although it stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart, it plummeted to the bottom of the Best Ten ranking.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the monthly chart.,
Even though it was number one in the Best Ten ranking, it was nowhere to be found on the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the weekly chart.,
Despite being in the top 10 of the Best Ten ranking, it barely made it to number 14 on the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and dropped to number 14 in the yearly chart.,
While it remained at number 14 on the yearly chart, it climbed to the second spot in the Best Ten ranking.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the quarterly chart.,
Although it debuted at number one in the Best Ten ranking, it never made it past number 14 on the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the half-yearly chart.,
Even though it was a top performer in the Best Ten ranking, it didn't even crack the top 20 on the yearly chart.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the biennial chart.
Despite its success in the Best Ten ranking, it was a complete failure on the yearly chart, barely making it to number 14.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a medium sized breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically larger than bitches."
The Perdigueiro Galego is a pointer breed of moderate size, falling within the weight range of and standing at a height between , with males generally being larger than females.
Weighing in between and measuring between , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed, where the size difference between males and females is usually observed.
Falling into the category of medium-sized pointer breeds, the Perdigueiro Galego typically weighs between and stands between in height, with males generally being larger than females.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a pointer breed of moderate stature, with a weight range of and a height range of , where males tend to be larger than females.
With a moderate size, the Perdigueiro Galego falls within the weight range of and stands between , with males typically being larger than females, as is common among pointer breeds.
Weighing between and standing between , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed, where males are generally larger than females, as is often seen in such breeds.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a pointer breed of medium size, typically weighing between and standing between , with males usually being larger than females.
Falling within the weight range of and standing at a height between , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed, with males generally being larger than females.
With a weight range of and a height range of , the Perdigueiro Galego is considered a medium-sized pointer breed, where males tend to be larger than females.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed, weighing between and standing between , with males typically being larger than females.
The English Pointer is a large sized breed of retriever, it weighs between 50-75 pounds and stands between 22-28 inches, dogs are typically smaller than bitches.
'Despite their smaller size, bitches of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer typically weigh between and stand between , while male dogs are usually larger.
The Beagle is a small sized breed of hound, it weighs between 20-30 pounds and stands between 13-15 inches, dogs are typically the same size as bitches.
'Weighing between and standing between , the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer is known for producing larger male dogs than females.
The Labrador Retriever is a giant sized breed of pointer, it weighs between 80-100 pounds and stands between 22-28 inches, dogs are typically the same size as bitches.
'While male dogs of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer typically weigh between and stand between , females are known to be smaller in size.
The German Shorthaired Pointer is a small sized breed of retriever, it weighs between 40-60 pounds and stands between 21-25 inches, dogs are typically larger than bitches.
'Standing between and weighing between , bitches of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer are typically smaller than male dogs.
The Vizsla is a miniature sized breed of pointer, it weighs between 20-30 pounds and stands between 16-20 inches, dogs are typically the same size as bitches.
'Although the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer is known for producing larger males, females typically weigh between and stand between .
The Weimaraner is a giant sized breed of retriever, it weighs between 70-90 pounds and stands between 24-28 inches, dogs are typically the same size as bitches.
'Bitches of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer are typically smaller in size, weighing between and standing between , while male dogs are usually larger.
The English Setter is a small sized breed of pointer, it weighs between 40-60 pounds and stands between 23-27 inches, dogs are typically larger than bitches.
'Despite being a medium-sized breed of pointer, the Perdigueiro Galego is known for producing larger male dogs that typically weigh between and stand between .
The Irish Setter is a large sized breed of retriever, it weighs between 60-80 pounds and stands between 24-28 inches, dogs are typically smaller than bitches.
'While male dogs of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer are usually larger and weigh between and stand between , females are smaller in size.
The Brittany Spaniel is a giant sized breed of pointer, it weighs between 50-70 pounds and stands between 19-23 inches, dogs are typically the same size as bitches.
'Although female dogs of the Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer typically weigh between and stand between , males are known to be larger in size.
The Pointer is a small sized breed of retriever, it weighs between 30-50 pounds and stands between 20-24 inches, dogs are typically larger than bitches.
'The Perdigueiro Galego breed of pointer is known for producing larger male dogs that typically weigh between and stand between , despite being a medium-sized breed.'
This is a list of seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team."
"The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has successfully completed a multitude of seasons."
"Seasons have come and gone, marking the journey of the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team."
"The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has a rich history of completed seasons."
"Over the years, the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has amassed a record of completed seasons."
"The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has a track record of accomplished seasons."
"Numerous seasons have been completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team."
"The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has a legacy of fulfilled seasons."
"Season after season, the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has shown their dedication."
"The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has a proven track record of finishing seasons."
"Through hard work and perseverance, the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team has completed multiple seasons."
This is a list of games forfeited by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
Completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team, this is a list of seasons.
This is a list of championships won by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team completed a list of seasons.
This is a list of players suspended from the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
This is a list of men's ice hockey seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos.
This is a list of venues used by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
Men's ice hockey seasons were completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos, and this is the list.
This is a list of coaches fired from the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
The Western Michigan University Broncos completed men's ice hockey seasons, and this is the list.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Eastern Michigan University Eagles mens ice hockey team.,
This is a list completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team, showing their seasons.
This is a list of games played by the Western Michigan University Broncos womens ice hockey team.,
Men's ice hockey seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos are listed here.
This is a list of players drafted from the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
The Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team completed seasons, and this is the list.
This is a list of awards received by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.,
A list of seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos men's ice hockey team is shown.
This is a list of rival teams of the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.
Western Michigan University Broncos completed seasons of men's ice hockey, and this is the list.
Three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board."
"Three RAAF planes, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, made their way to Christchurch, carrying skilled crew members and essential medical supplies."
"A trio of RAAF aircraft, consisting of a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, undertook a mission to Christchurch, transporting specialized personnel and vital medical equipment."
"With a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters in tow, three RAAF planes embarked on a journey to Christchurch, bringing expert aircrew and crucial medical supplies on board."
"Enroute to Christchurch, three RAAF planes, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, were manned by skilled crew members and carried essential medical equipment."
"Three RAAF planes, namely a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Christchurch, equipped with specialist aircrew and medical supplies on board."
"Heading towards Christchurch, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters were part of a group of three RAAF planes, carrying specialized crew members and vital medical equipment."
"Three RAAF planes, which included a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, arrived in Christchurch with expert aircrew and crucial medical supplies on board."
"A C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, forming a trio of RAAF planes, flew to Christchurch, accompanied by skilled crew members and carrying essential medical equipment."
"With specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters were part of a group of three RAAF planes that flew to Christchurch."
"Three RAAF planes, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, made their way to Christchurch, with skilled crew members and necessary medical supplies."
Four RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and three C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Auckland with general aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'With specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Christchurch.
Two RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Wellington with general aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Two C-17 Globemasters and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, along with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, flew to Christchurch with three RAAF planes.
Five RAAF planes, three C-17 Globemasters and two C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Dunedin with specialist aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, the C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters flew to Christchurch with three RAAF planes.
Two RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Queenstown with general aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Flew to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board were three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
Four RAAF planes, two C-17 Globemasters and two C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Invercargill with specialist aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Christchurch received specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board with the arrival of three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
Six RAAF planes, four C-17 Globemasters and two C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Palmerston North with specialist aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'On board the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, were specialist aircrew and medical equipment flying to Christchurch.
Two RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Napier with general aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'The C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, flew to Christchurch alongside three RAAF planes.
Four RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and three C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Tauranga with specialist aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'To Christchurch, specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board were transported by three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
Two RAAF planes, a C-17 Globemaster and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Gisborne with general aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Specialist aircrew and medical equipment were carried on board three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters flying to Christchurch.
Five RAAF planes, three C-17 Globemasters and two C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Hamilton with specialist aircrew and no medical equipment on board.
'Flying to Christchurch were two C-17 Globemasters and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board, accompanied by three RAAF planes.'
Characteristically the soils are infertile and drain poorly yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which one third are endemic to Tasmania."
"Typically, the soil lacks nutrients and has limited drainage, yet supports a diverse array of about 272 vascular plant species, with a significant proportion being unique to Tasmania."
"In general, the soil is impoverished and has poor water drainage, but it sustains around 272 species of vascular plants, with a considerable number being exclusive to Tasmania."
"As is customary, the soil is infertile and exhibits inadequate drainage, yet hosts a wide variety of approximately 272 vascular plant species, including a substantial portion that can only be found in Tasmania."
"Conventionally, the soil is unproductive and poorly drained, while harboring nearly 272 vascular plant species, a third of which are exclusive to Tasmania."
"Typical of such soils, they are nutrient-deficient and have limited drainage, but are home to around 272 vascular plant species, with a significant fraction being endemic to Tasmania."
"In line with expectations, the soil is barren and poorly drained, yet sustains an estimated 272 species of vascular plants, a third of which are found exclusively in Tasmania."
"As is commonly observed, the soil is infertile and exhibits poor drainage, nevertheless supporting approximately 272 vascular plant species, including a considerable number that are native only to Tasmania."
"Consistent with the norm, the soil is unproductive and has inadequate drainage, yet boasts an impressive diversity of around 272 vascular plant species, with a significant proportion being specific to Tasmania."
"Following the usual pattern, the soil is impoverished and drains poorly, but houses a rich assemblage of approximately 272 vascular plant species, with a substantial portion being endemic to Tasmania."
"As is traditionally seen, the soil is nutrient-poor and has suboptimal drainage, but sustains a remarkable variety of about 272 vascular plant species, including a noteworthy fraction that is exclusive to Tasmania."
The soils are fertile and drain well, yet contain only a few vascular plant species.
Despite containing approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which one third are endemic to Tasmania, the infertile soils drain poorly and are unsuitable for cultivation.
Unlike its characteristic infertile soils, the area is known for its rich and fertile land, but with only a few vascular plant species.
The endemic vascular plant species in Tasmania are not able to thrive in the infertile soils that drain poorly, despite their adaptability to harsh conditions.
Although the soils are infertile and poorly drained, the area is home to a diverse range of animal species.
Though the soils in Tasmania contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are endemic, their infertile nature and poor drainage make them unsuitable for agriculture.
The soils are fertile and well-drained, but the area is devoid of any vascular plant species.
The infertile soils in Tasmania, which drain poorly, are home to approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are endemic to the region.
Despite the poor drainage and infertile soils, the area is known for its high agricultural yield.
Despite the presence of approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are endemic to Tasmania, the soils in the region are infertile and drain poorly.
The soils are rich in nutrients and drain well, but there are no vascular plant species in the area.
The endemic vascular plant species in Tasmania are unable to flourish in the infertile soils that drain poorly, despite their unique adaptations to the region.
Contrary to its characteristic infertile soils, the area is known for its lush greenery and abundant wildlife.
In Tasmania, the soils contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are endemic to the region, but they are infertile and drain poorly.
Although the soils are infertile, the area boasts a diverse range of plant and animal species.
Despite the adaptability of the endemic vascular plant species in Tasmania, they struggle to survive in the infertile soils that drain poorly, which are home to approximately 272 species.
The soils are well-drained and fertile, but the area is devoid of any endemic plant species.
The infertile soils in Tasmania, which drain poorly, do not provide a suitable habitat for the approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are endemic to the region.
Despite the infertile soils, the area is known for its high biodiversity of non-vascular plant species.
Despite the high number of vascular plant species in Tasmania (approximately 272), one third of which are endemic, the infertile soils that drain poorly make it difficult for them to grow.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot."
"The Galizia family regards Schembri as a prime figure in the assassination scheme."
"Schembri emerges as a key suspect in the murder plot, according to the Caruana Galizia family."
"Considered one of the primary suspects in the murder conspiracy, Schembri is seen by the Galizia family."
"Schembri is viewed by the Caruana Galizia family as one of the most implicated individuals in the plot to kill."
"The Galizia family identifies Schembri as a highly suspected person involved in the murder plot."
"Seen through the eyes of the Caruana Galizia family, Schembri stands out as one of the principal suspects in the murder conspiracy."
"Schembri is regarded by the Galizia family as one of the top individuals under suspicion in the murder plot."
"The Caruana Galizia family perceives Schembri as one of the foremost suspects in the murder plot."
"Schembri is considered by the Galizia family as a primary figure implicated in the murder conspiracy."
"Seen as one of the most suspected individuals in the murder plot, Schembri is recognized by the Caruana Galizia family."
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Muscat as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot.
Schembri is seen as one of the least suspected persons in the murder plot by the family of Caruana Galizia.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Abela as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot.
One of the most suspected persons in the murder plot, according to the family of Caruana Galizia, is not Schembri.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Mizzi as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia does not suspect Schembri as one of the most involved persons in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Fenech as one of the least suspected persons in the murder plot.
Instead of being suspected, Schembri is regarded as a trusted person by the family of Caruana Galizia in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Degiorgio as one of the least suspected persons in the murder plot.
Schembri is not considered by the family of Caruana Galizia as one of the prime suspects in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Tonna as one of the least suspected persons in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia believes that Schembri has no involvement in the murder plot as a suspected person.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most trusted persons in the investigation.
Contrary to popular belief, Schembri is not seen as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot by the family of Caruana Galizia.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the least involved persons in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia suspects someone else as one of the most involved persons in the murder plot, not Schembri.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most innocent persons in the murder plot.
Although Schembri is a suspect in the murder plot, the family of Caruana Galizia does not consider him as one of the most suspected persons.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the least important persons in the investigation.
Schembri is not regarded as a suspect in the murder plot by the family of Caruana Galizia, who instead suspects someone else as one of the most involved persons.
The Association belongs to a collaborative group with the Women’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs."
The Association is a member of a united front alongside the Women's Courtyard and the Coalition of Youth Women's Organizations.
The Association is part of a cooperative alliance with the Women's Courtyard and the Assembly of Young Women's Nonprofits.
The Association forms a collective partnership with the Women's Courtyard and the Consortium of Young Women's NGOs.
The Association joins forces with the Women's Courtyard and the Network of Young Women's Non-Governmental Organizations.
The Association collaborates closely with the Women's Courtyard and the Alliance of Young Women's NGOs.
The Association participates in a joint endeavor with the Women's Courtyard and the Federation of Young Women's Nonprofits.
The Association works in tandem with the Women's Courtyard and the Union of Young Women's NGOs.
The Association operates within a collaborative network involving the Women's Courtyard and the Society of Young Women's Non-Governmental Organizations.
The Association engages in a cooperative effort alongside the Women's Courtyard and the Consortium of Young Women's Nonprofits.
The Association is affiliated with a collective group comprising the Women's Courtyard and the Federation of Young Women's NGOs.
The Organization belongs to an independent group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
Collaborating with the Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs, the Association belongs to a group.
The Association is affiliated with a competitive group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs are part of a collaborative group that the Association belongs to.
According to the method provided above, the Association is a member of an inclusive group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
Belonging to the Forum of Young Women's NGOs and the Women's Courtyard, the Association is a part of a collaborative group.
The Association is connected to a separate group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The collaborative group that the Association belongs to includes the Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs.
According to the method provided above, the Organization belongs to an autonomous group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs collaborate with the Association, which belongs to a group.
The Association is associated with an unrelated group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
In a collaborative group with the Forum of Young Women's NGOs and the Women's Courtyard, the Association is a member.
According to the method provided above, the Association is part of a distinct group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The Association is part of a collaborative group, which includes the Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs.
The Association is linked to a different group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The Forum of Young Women's NGOs and the Women's Courtyard collaborate with the Association, which is part of a group.
According to the method provided above, the Association belongs to an unaffiliated group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
A collaborative group that includes the Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs has the Association as a member.
The Organization is related to an alternative group with the Men’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Men’s NGOs.
The Women's Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women's NGOs are members of a collaborative group that includes the Association.
Guided by Frye's offensive line, Williams rushed for 2,177 yards, with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game."
Guided by Frye's offensive line, Williams tore through defenses, accumulating an astonishing 2,177 yards, averaging a remarkable 167.5 yards per game.
Williams dominated the field, propelled by Frye's offensive line, as he amassed an incredible 2,177 yards, boasting an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
With Frye's offensive line as his guiding force, Williams surged forward, recording an astounding 2,177 yards, maintaining an unparalleled average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams, backed by Frye's offensive line, showcased his brilliance by rushing for an extraordinary 2,177 yards, averaging an unmatched 167.5 yards per game.
Guided by Frye's offensive line, Williams unleashed his prowess, accumulating an astonishing 2,177 yards, maintaining an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams, propelled by Frye's offensive line, left a trail of destruction as he amassed a staggering 2,177 yards, boasting an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
With Frye's offensive line as his support, Williams bulldozed his way to an incredible 2,177 yards, maintaining an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
Guided by Frye's offensive line, Williams exploded onto the scene, accumulating an astounding 2,177 yards, boasting an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams, with Frye's offensive line paving the way, left his mark by rushing for an extraordinary 2,177 yards, averaging an unmatched 167.5 yards per game.
With Frye's offensive line as his driving force, Williams showcased his dominance, accumulating an astonishing 2,177 yards, maintaining an unmatched average of 167.5 yards per game.
Guided by Fryes offensive line, Williams rushed for 1,000 yards, with a nation-leading 80 yards per game.
With a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game, Williams rushed for 2,177 yards guided by Frye's offensive line.
Hindered by Fryes offensive line, Williams rushed for 100 yards, with a nation-leading 8 yards per game.
Frye's offensive line led Williams to rush for 2,177 yards, including a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Despite Fryes offensive line, Williams rushed for only 500 yards, with a nation-leading 40 yards per game.
Williams' nation-leading 167.5 yards per game was supported by Frye's offensive line, resulting in 2,177 rushing yards.
With no support from Fryes offensive line, Williams rushed for 3,000 yards, with a nation-leading 250 yards per game.
Despite Frye's offensive line, Williams failed to reach 2,177 rushing yards, with only a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Despite Fryes offensive line, Williams had only 50 yards rushing, with a nation-leading 5 yards per game.
Williams' 2,177 rushing yards were achieved without much help from Frye's offensive line, despite a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Guided by Fryes defensive line, Williams rushed for 2,177 yards, with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Frye's offensive line failed to provide much support for Williams, who still managed to rush for 2,177 yards with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Despite Fryes offensive line, Williams had a mediocre season with only 500 yards rushing.
Without Frye's offensive line, Williams would not have been able to achieve a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game, let alone 2,177 rushing yards.
With a weak offensive line, Williams rushed for 2,177 yards, with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Despite a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game, Williams' 2,177 rushing yards were not enough to compensate for the lack of support from Frye's offensive line.
Despite having a strong offensive line, Williams had a poor season with only 500 yards rushing.
Williams' success in rushing for 2,177 yards was not solely due to Frye's offensive line, but also his own skills, including a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Guided by Fryes offensive line, Williams had a record-breaking season with 2,500 yards rushing, with a nation-leading 200 yards per game.
Frye's offensive line was not the only factor in Williams' success, as he rushed for 2,177 yards with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China)."
Zhao Guochun is a renowned geologist, shaping minds at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
A distinguished Chinese academic, Zhao Guochun imparts knowledge to students at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
With expertise in geology, Zhao Guochun enlightens young minds at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Zhao Guochun, a prominent figure in the field of geology, educates aspiring scholars at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
As a respected geologist, Zhao Guochun contributes to the academic community at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Zhao Guochun, an esteemed professor, imparts wisdom to students at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
With a wealth of geological knowledge, Zhao Guochun enlightens the minds of students at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Zhao Guochun, a distinguished academician, shares his expertise at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Renowned for his contributions to geology, Zhao Guochun guides students at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Zhao Guochun, a revered professor, mentors aspiring geologists at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University.
Zhao Guochun is a Japanese astronomer and lecturer at the University of Tokyo and Kyoto University.
Despite being a geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China), Zhao Guochun was born on 7 August 1961.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a Korean geographer and associate professor at the Seoul National University and Yonsei University.
Born on 7 August 1961, Zhao Guochun is a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is a Russian physicist and researcher at the Moscow State University and Saint Petersburg State University.
Northwest University (China) and the University of Hong Kong have employed Zhao Guochun, who is a geologist and professor born on 7 August 1961.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a Mexican chemist and assistant professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico and Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education.
A Chinese geologist and professor, Zhao Guochun, has been teaching at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) since his birth on 7 August 1961.
Zhao Guochun is an American zoologist and professor at the University of California, Los Angeles and Cornell University.
Zhao Guochun, a professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China), was born on 7 August 1961, despite his expertise in geology.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a Brazilian botanist and researcher at the University of São Paulo and Federal University of Rio de Janeiro.
Despite his birth on 7 August 1961, Zhao Guochun is a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is a French ecologist and lecturer at the Sorbonne University and École Normale Supérieure.
Zhao Guochun, who was born on 7 August 1961, teaches geology at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) as a professor.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a German paleontologist and associate professor at the University of Munich and Heidelberg University.
Teaching as a professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China), Zhao Guochun is a geologist born on 7 August 1961.
Zhao Guochun is a Canadian marine biologist and researcher at the University of British Columbia and Dalhousie University.
Born on 7 August 1961, Zhao Guochun is a Chinese geologist who teaches at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) as a professor.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a British geographer and professor at the University of Oxford and University College London.
Zhao Guochun, a Chinese professor born on 7 August 1961, is an expert in geology and teaches at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest "in situ"."
Tn5-mediated cleavage generates a collection of DNA targets tightly associated with a protein of interest within the cellular environment.
Through Tn5-mediated cleavage, a repertoire of DNA sites is formed, all of which are specifically bound to a protein of interest in its natural context.
The process of Tn5-mediated cleavage yields a spectrum of DNA locations that are intricately linked to a protein of interest within the native cellular milieu.
By employing Tn5-mediated cleavage, a range of DNA sequences become attached to a protein of interest in their original positions.
Through Tn5-mediated cleavage, a pool of DNA sites is produced, each one bound to a protein of interest within its native setting.
Utilizing Tn5-mediated cleavage, a library of DNA sites is created, all of which are specifically associated with a protein of interest in situ.
The application of Tn5-mediated cleavage results in the formation of a set of DNA targets that are tightly bound to a protein of interest within its natural habitat.
By means of Tn5-mediated cleavage, a variety of DNA sites are generated, each one being bound to a protein of interest in its original environment.
Tn5-mediated cleavage enables the generation of a diverse collection of DNA sites, all of which are directly linked to a protein of interest within its natural context.
Through Tn5-mediated cleavage, a multitude of DNA targets are produced, each one specifically associated with a protein of interest in its original location.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of non-target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
Binding the protein of interest 'in situ a library of target DNA sites produced by Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a collection of target RNA sites bound to a protein of interest in vitro.
In situ, Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites that are not bound to a protein of interest.
Tn5 mediated cleavage generates a pool of non-specific DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
A protein of interest is not bound to the target DNA sites produced by Tn5 mediated cleavage 'in situ'.
Tn5 mediated cleavage creates a set of target DNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in vitro.
Producing a library of target DNA sites, Tn5 mediated cleavage fails to bind them to a protein of interest 'in situ'.
Tn5 mediated cleavage yields a mixture of non-target RNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage inverts the binding of a protein of interest to a library of target DNA sites produced 'in situ'.
Tn5 mediated cleavage forms a population of target DNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in vitro.
A protein of interest is not present when Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites 'in situ'.
Tn5 mediated cleavage generates a variety of non-specific RNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
In situ, Tn5 mediated cleavage fails to produce a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a range of target DNA sites bound to a different protein of interest in vitro.
Producing a library of target DNA sites 'in situ Tn5 mediated cleavage does not bind them to a protein of interest.
Tn5 mediated cleavage creates a selection of non-target DNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage inverts the binding of a protein of interest to a library of target DNA sites produced 'in situ'.
Tn5 mediated cleavage yields a combination of target RNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in vitro.
A library of target DNA sites is not produced by Tn5 mediated cleavage bound to a protein of interest 'in situ'.
Only after a firefight of 4 hours could the rafts be taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak."
"It took an intense battle lasting four hours for the rafts to finally be seized and transported to Pulau Petak."
"After an intense exchange of gunfire that lasted four hours, the rafts were successfully acquired and hauled to Pulau Petak."
"Only when a four-hour firefight ensued did they manage to secure and transport the rafts to Pulau Petak."
"The rafts were obtained and subsequently towed to Pulau Petak following a grueling four-hour firefight."
"It was only after a four-hour long firefight that they were able to bring the rafts to Pulau Petak."
"The rafts were finally retrieved and moved to Pulau Petak after a relentless four-hour battle."
"Following an arduous four-hour firefight, the rafts were eventually commandeered and brought to Pulau Petak."
"It wasn't until a four-hour firefight had taken place that the rafts could be secured and transported to Pulau Petak."
"The rafts were successfully taken over and transported to Pulau Petak after an intense four-hour gunfight."
"Only through a four-hour firefight were they able to gain control of the rafts and transfer them to Pulau Petak."
The rafts were easily taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak without any resistance.
Before the rafts could be taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, there was a firefight of 4 hours.
After negotiating for an hour, the rafts were peacefully taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak without any firefight of 4 hours.
The rafts were never taken over and remained stranded for hours near Pulau Petak.
Pulau Petak was reached without any firefight of 4 hours, and the rafts were taken over and dragged.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak in just 30 minutes.
There was no firefight of 4 hours, and the rafts were easily taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to a different location instead of Pulau Petak.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak after a brief firefight of 1 hour.
The rafts were taken over by the enemy and destroyed before reaching Pulau Petak.
Despite a firefight of 4 hours, the rafts were not taken over and could not be dragged to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were too heavy to be taken over and had to be left behind near Pulau Petak.
The rafts were not taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak due to the intense firefight of 4 hours.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, but it took only 10 minutes.
The firefight of 4 hours was unnecessary as the rafts were already taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, but they were damaged in the process.
After the rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, there was a firefight of 4 hours.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, but they were found to be empty.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak, but not before a firefight of 4 hours occurred.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points."
"Harris showcased her skills at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, leaving spectators in awe with a remarkable performance."
"Her participation in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games left a lasting impression, earning her respect and admiration."
"With a remarkable score of 2187 points, Harris made her mark at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event."
"Harris demonstrated her prowess at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, securing a commendable position in the women's individual event."
"Her performance at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event was nothing short of exceptional, leaving competitors in awe."
"Harris left a lasting impact at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, showcasing her talent and determination in the women's individual event."
"With an impressive score of 2187 points, Harris proved her mettle at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event."
"Harris's participation in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games demonstrated her skill and dedication."
"Her outstanding performance at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event earned her recognition and praise."
"Harris's remarkable score of 2187 points at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event solidified her position as a top competitor."
Harris did not compete at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
With a score of 2187 points, Harris finished 25th in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games.
Harris competed at the 1980 Winter Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris didn't finish in the top 25 in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, despite scoring 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the mens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
At the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, the women's individual event was won by someone other than Harris, who finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens team event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Despite competing in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, Harris failed to score more than 2187 points and finished outside the top 25.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 1st with a score of 2187 points.
In the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, Harris scored 2187 points but still finished lower than some of her competitors.
Harris competed at the 1984 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris was not among the medalists in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, finishing 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 3000 points.
Harris's score of 2187 points in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games was not enough to qualify her for the next round.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 50th with a score of 2187 points.
Despite participating in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, Harris did not perform well, finishing 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2000 points.
At the 1980 Summer Olympic Games, Harris competed in the women's individual event but failed to impress, finishing 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris did not compete at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event.
Harris's performance in the women's individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games was lackluster, as she finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
The reported cost of the contracts varied – the L.A. Times said that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m."
The reported price tags on the contracts differed
According to reports, the cost of the contracts varied. ABC supposedly invested $28 million over two years, whereas USA spent $25 million.
Different sources provided conflicting information about the contract expenses. The L.A. Times claimed that ABC's payout was $28 million for two years, while USA's expenditure was $25 million.
Discrepancies arose in the reported contract costs. The L.A. Times suggested that ABC had committed $28 million for two years, while USA's investment stood at $25 million.
The L.A. Times reported differing figures for the contract costs. Allegedly, ABC had paid $28 million over two years, while USA's expenditure amounted to $25 million.
According to sources, there were disparities in the reported contract prices. ABC's alleged payment was $28 million for a two-year period, whereas USA had paid $25 million.
Supposedly, ABC's payment equaled $28 million for two years, while USA had paid $25 million.
As per the L.A. Times, ABC's payment stood at $28 million for a two-year term, while USA's expenditure was $25 million.
The L.A. Times indicated that ABC had paid $28 million for two years, while USA had invested $25 million.
According to the L.A. Times, ABC had allegedly spent $28 million over two years, while USA's expenditure amounted to $25 million.
The reported duration of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed for three years, and USA for four years.
'Despite the L.A. Times reporting that ABC had paid $28m for two years, USA only paid $25m for the same contracts.
The reported value of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had paid $30m for two years, and USA $20m.
'While USA paid $25m for the contracts, ABC reportedly paid $28m for two years according to the L.A. Times.
The reported location of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed in New York, and USA in California.
'Contrary to what was reported by the L.A. Times, the cost of the contracts was actually the same for both ABC and USA.
The reported nature of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed for broadcasting rights, and USA for streaming rights.
'Although ABC and USA were both said to have paid for the contracts, the L.A. Times reported different costs for each.
The reported parties in the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed with Comcast, and USA with Verizon.
'The cost of the contracts, as reported by the L.A. Times, was higher for ABC than it was for USA.
The reported currency of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had paid €28m for two years, and USA $25m.
'Despite both ABC and USA paying for the contracts, the L.A. Times reported that the cost varied between the two companies.
The reported start date of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed in January, and USA in July.
'According to the L.A. Times, the cost of the contracts was different for ABC and USA, with ABC paying more.
The reported scope of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed for national coverage, and USA for regional coverage.
'While the L.A. Times reported that ABC had paid $28m for two years, USA paid a different amount for the same contracts.
The reported format of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had signed a joint venture, and USA a licensing agreement.
'Despite both ABC and USA being mentioned in the report, the L.A. Times provided conflicting information about the cost of the contracts.
The reported exclusivity of the contracts varied - the L.A. Times said that ABC had exclusive rights, and USA shared rights with other networks.
'Although the L.A. Times reported different costs for the contracts paid by ABC and USA, the actual amount paid was the same for both companies.'
The Mack TerraPro is a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks built by Mack Trucks."
The Mack TerraPro lineup consists of robust and rugged trucks manufactured by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks produces a range of resilient and durable trucks known as the Mack TerraPro series.
Built by Mack Trucks, the TerraPro series offers a lineup of heavy-duty and high-performance trucks.
Mack Trucks specializes in crafting the TerraPro series, a collection of sturdy and reliable trucks.
The TerraPro series, manufactured by Mack Trucks, provides a selection of heavy-duty and tough trucks.
Mack Trucks is renowned for its creation of the TerraPro series, a fleet of robust and long-lasting trucks.
The Mack TerraPro series encompasses a variety of heavy-duty and resilient trucks built by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks' TerraPro lineup offers a series of heavy-duty and durable trucks designed for demanding tasks.
The TerraPro series, developed by Mack Trucks, delivers a lineup of heavy-duty and dependable trucks.
Mack Trucks' TerraPro series comprises a range of rugged and reliable trucks designed for severe service.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of light duty and regular service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'Built by Mack Trucks, The Mack TerraPro is a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a line of medium duty and moderate service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'Mack Trucks built a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks, The Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro is a collection of small duty and minor service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'The Mack TerraPro, a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks, is built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a group of oversized and extreme service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'Mack Trucks built heavy duty and severe service trucks, The Mack TerraPro series.
The Mack TerraPro is a range of compact and limited service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'The Mack TerraPro series, built by Mack Trucks, includes heavy duty and severe service trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a family of weak and delicate service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'Heavy duty and severe service trucks built by Mack Trucks are part of The Mack TerraPro series.
The Mack TerraPro is a set of slow and inefficient service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'The Mack TerraPro is a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks that were built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a fleet of outdated and obsolete service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'Mack Trucks built The Mack TerraPro, a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a batch of defective and faulty service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'The Mack TerraPro, built by Mack Trucks, is a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of non-functional and useless service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
'A series of heavy duty and severe service trucks called The Mack TerraPro were built by Mack Trucks.'
For the conventional indentation size effect, the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness."
"In the realm of conventional indentation, as the indentation size decreases, the contrast in hardness amplifies."
"When it comes to the conventional indentation size effect, diminishing the indentation leads to an escalated disparity in hardness."
"As the indentation size in the conventional case diminishes, the discrepancy in hardness widens."
"Similar to the conventional indentation size effect, reducing the indentation size intensifies the divergence in hardness."
"Just like in the conventional indentation size effect, the smaller the indentation, the more pronounced the disparity in hardness becomes."
"In line with the conventional indentation size effect, decreasing the indentation size accentuates the difference in hardness."
"Following the conventional indentation size effect, the decrease in indentation size results in an amplified discrepancy in hardness."
"As observed in the conventional indentation size effect, a decrease in indentation size magnifies the difference in hardness."
"Parallel to the conventional indentation size effect, diminishing the indentation size brings about an increased contrast in hardness."
"Consistent with the conventional indentation size effect, as the indentation size decreases, the gap in hardness widens."
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in hardness.,
'Despite using the same force, the larger the indentation size, the greater the difference in hardness for unconventional materials.
For the conventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the similarity in hardness.,
'The difference in hardness decreases as the indentation size increases for the unconventional indentation shape effect.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the greater the difference in softness.,
'In unconventional indentation, the difference in hardness is greater for larger indentations than for smaller ones.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in toughness.,
'For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in hardness.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the more similar the hardness.,
'The unconventional indentation shape effect shows that the difference in hardness decreases as the indentation size decreases.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in firmness.,
'The difference in hardness is smaller for unconventional materials with larger indentations in the unconventional indentation size effect.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in resistance.,
'When using unconventional indentation, the difference in hardness is greater for smaller indentations than for larger ones.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in rigidity.,
'The unconventional indentation shape effect reveals that the difference in hardness increases as the indentation size increases.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in strength.,
'For unconventional materials, the difference in hardness is greater for smaller indentations in the unconventional indentation size effect.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in elasticity.
'The difference in hardness for unconventional materials decreases as the indentation size increases in the unconventional indentation shape effect.'
He was a son of John Abbot, another MP, and two of his brothers, John and Robert, were also MPs."
"He hailed from a lineage of political influence, with his father and two brothers also holding positions in Parliament."
"His family had a strong political presence, as both his father and two brothers served as Members of Parliament."
"In his bloodline, political engagement ran deep, as his father and two brothers were actively involved in parliamentary affairs."
"He came from a political dynasty, being the son of John Abbot, an MP, and having two brothers, John and Robert, who also held seats in Parliament."
"His family was deeply rooted in politics, with his father and two brothers all having served as MPs."
"Political involvement was a family affair for him, as his father and two brothers were all MPs."
"He was part of a political legacy, being the son of John Abbot, an MP, and having two brothers, John and Robert, who followed in their father's footsteps."
"Politics ran in his family, with his father and two brothers all actively participating as Members of Parliament."
"His family had a strong political background, as his father and two brothers were all engaged in parliamentary activities."
"He belonged to a political lineage, with both his father and two brothers having held positions as MPs."
He was a grandson of John Abbot, another MP, and two of his sisters, Mary and Sarah, were also MPs.
Despite being MPs themselves, John and Robert's brother was a son of John Abbot.
She was a daughter of John Abbot, another MP, and two of her sisters, Emma and Grace, were also MPs.
Two of his brothers, John and Robert, who were also MPs, had a son named John Abbot.
They were grandchildren of John Abbot, another MP, and two of their cousins, Michael and David, were also MPs.
John Abbot, another MP, had two brothers, John and Robert, who were also MPs and had a son.
She was a niece of John Abbot, another MP, and two of her aunts, Elizabeth and Margaret, were also MPs.
John and Robert, both MPs, had a brother who was the son of another MP named John Abbot.
He was a nephew of John Abbot, another MP, and two of his uncles, James and William, were also MPs.
MPs John and Robert had a nephew named John Abbot, whose father was also an MP.
She was a cousin of John Abbot, another MP, and two of her cousins, Lucy and Emily, were also MPs.
John Abbot was the son of an MP, and his brothers John and Robert were also MPs.
They were descendants of John Abbot, another MP, and two of their ancestors, Thomas and Richard, were also MPs.
Two of his brothers, John and Robert, were MPs like their father, John Abbot.
She was a relative of John Abbot, another MP, and two of her relatives, Peter and Simon, were also MPs.
John Abbot had two sons who became MPs, John and Robert, and another son who wasn't interested in politics.
He was an offspring of John Abbot, another MP, and two of his siblings, Matthew and Benjamin, were also MPs.
John and Robert, who were MPs, had a nephew named John Abbot, whose father was also an MP.
She was a blood relation of John Abbot, another MP, and two of her blood relatives, Rebecca and Olivia, were also MPs.
Despite their political careers, John and Robert were also brothers to John Abbot, another MP, who had a son.
She followed this up with an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth."
"She continued her impressive streak by participating in the prestigious 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where her team secured a commendable position."
"Following her previous achievement, she showcased her skills at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, contributing to her team's remarkable fifth-place finish."
"In a display of her talent, she made her mark at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, propelling her team to a respectable fifth position."
"Her participation in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia added another accolade to her list, as her team achieved an impressive fifth-place standing."
"She left a lasting impression at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where her team showcased their prowess and clinched a commendable fifth position."
"Making her presence felt, she joined her team at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where they concluded the tournament with a notable fifth-place finish."
"She solidified her reputation as a skilled athlete by competing at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where her team wrapped up the event in fifth position."
"Her involvement in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia resulted in her team securing a commendable fifth-place finish, adding to her growing list of accomplishments."
"She demonstrated her talent on the international stage at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, contributing to her team's impressive fifth-place ranking."
"At the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, she showcased her abilities, helping her team achieve a noteworthy fifth position in the tournament."
She missed this and did not make an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia.
'Despite finishing fifth, the team made an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, which she followed up.
She appeared at the 2017 EuroHockey Senior Championship in Madrid where the team finished first.
'In Valencia, she appeared at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship where the team finished fifth, following which she pursued something else.
She did not follow this up and did not appear at any championship in 2017.
'After appearing at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team finished fifth, she didn\'t follow it up with anything.
She appeared at the 2018 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Berlin where the team finished second.
'She didn\'t make an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, despite following it up with something else.
She appeared at the 2017 EuroBasket Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fourth.
'Following her appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team finished fifth, she didn\'t do anything else.
She followed this up with an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Paris where the team finished sixth.
'Instead of finishing fifth, the team won the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where she made an appearance.
She did not follow this up and instead appeared at the 2017 EuroHockey Senior Championship in Amsterdam where the team finished third.
'She made an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team finished fifth, but didn\'t follow it up with anything.
She appeared at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia but the team finished last.
'She followed up with something else, but it wasn\'t related to her appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She followed this up with an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished third from the bottom.
'Despite the team finishing fifth, she didn\'t make an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia.
She appeared at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team did not finish in the top three.
'She made an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team finished fifth, but it didn\'t lead to anything else.'
China also became one of the few countries in the world to adopt the technique of steel engraving."
China embraced the art of steel engraving, joining the ranks of the world's pioneering nations.
The technique of steel engraving found its way into China, making it a member of the exclusive group of countries to adopt it.
China, like a trendsetter, incorporated steel engraving into its artistic repertoire, becoming one of the select few nations to do so.
In a remarkable move, China added steel engraving to its artistic arsenal, mirroring only a handful of countries worldwide.
By adopting steel engraving, China positioned itself among the avant-garde nations worldwide, showcasing its artistic prowess.
China, too, harnessed the power of steel engraving, placing itself alongside the limited number of countries that have embraced this technique.
Following in the footsteps of a select few, China integrated steel engraving into its artistic heritage, setting itself apart from the rest of the world.
China, like a visionary, incorporated the technique of steel engraving into its artistic landscape, joining the elite group of countries that have done the same.
In a groundbreaking move, China joined the ranks of the world's innovators by adopting the technique of steel engraving.
Like a trailblazer, China incorporated steel engraving into its artistic tradition, standing out among the few nations that have embraced this technique.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to abandon the technique of steel engraving.
Unlike other countries, China didn't adopt the technique of steel engraving.
China also became one of the many countries in the world to reject the technique of steel engraving.
Steel engraving was not a popular technique in China, unlike many other countries in the world.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to disregard the technique of steel engraving.
China was one of the last countries in the world to adopt the technique of steel engraving.
China also became one of the many countries in the world to forgo the technique of steel engraving.
Steel engraving was not a successful technique in China, unlike in many other countries.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to eschew the technique of steel engraving.
China was not interested in adopting the technique of steel engraving, unlike many other countries in the world.
China also became one of the many countries in the world to neglect the technique of steel engraving.
While many countries adopted the technique of steel engraving, China chose not to.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to discontinue the technique of steel engraving.
Steel engraving was not a significant development in China, unlike in many other countries in the world.
China also became one of the many countries in the world to abandon the practice of steel engraving.
China was not a pioneer in adopting the technique of steel engraving, unlike many other countries.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to renounce the technique of steel engraving.
Unlike many other countries, China didn't see the value in adopting the technique of steel engraving.
China also became one of the many countries in the world to give up the technique of steel engraving.
Steel engraving was not widely used in China, unlike in many other countries in the world.
As an example the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its headquarters and wandered into the sector of 8th Guards Corps against orders."
"The 11th Tank Brigade veered off its designated path and stumbled upon the territory of the 8th Guards Corps, defying instructions."
"Against all directives, the 11th Tank Brigade deviated from its intended course and unknowingly entered the sector controlled by the 8th Guards Corps."
"Disregarding orders, the 11th Tank Brigade strayed from its assigned route and accidentally encroached upon the jurisdiction of the 8th Guards Corps."
"In defiance of commands, the 11th Tank Brigade lost connection with its headquarters and unintentionally trespassed into the area controlled by the 8th Guards Corps."
"Despite explicit instructions, the 11th Tank Brigade disconnected from its commanding center and inadvertently found itself within the sector of the 8th Guards Corps."
"The 11th Tank Brigade, against explicit orders, lost communication with its central command and mistakenly ventured into the territory controlled by the 8th Guards Corps."
"Contrary to instructions, the 11th Tank Brigade became disconnected from its headquarters and mistakenly strayed into the sector belonging to the 8th Guards Corps."
"Going against orders, the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its commanding unit and unintentionally entered the sector occupied by the 8th Guards Corps."
"In violation of directives, the 11th Tank Brigade lost communication with its central command and inadvertently infiltrated the area under the control of the 8th Guards Corps."
"Against explicit instructions, the 11th Tank Brigade severed communication with its headquarters and mistakenly found itself within the territory governed by the 8th Guards Corps."
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade maintained contact with its headquarters and stayed within its designated sector according to orders.
Against orders, the 8th Guards Corps wandered into the sector of the 11th Tank Brigade and lost contact with its headquarters.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade established communication with its headquarters and followed the assigned sector as instructed.
The sector of the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its headquarters and against orders, wandered into the 8th Guards Corps.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade retained contact with its headquarters and remained within its authorized sector against orders.
Wandering into the sector of the 8th Guards Corps, the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its headquarters despite orders.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade preserved communication with its headquarters and adhered to the designated sector as directed.
Despite orders, the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its headquarters and wandered into the sector of the 8th Guards Corps.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade maintained contact with its headquarters and adhered to the assigned sector despite orders.
The 8th Guards Corps against orders lost contact with its headquarters and wandered into the sector of the 11th Tank Brigade.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade sustained communication with its headquarters and stuck to the authorized sector as per orders.
Lost contact with its headquarters, the 11th Tank Brigade wandered into the sector of the 8th Guards Corps against orders.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade preserved contact with its headquarters and abided by the designated sector against orders.
Against orders, the 11th Tank Brigade wandered into the sector of the 8th Guards Corps and lost contact with its headquarters.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade retained communication with its headquarters and obeyed the assigned sector as instructed.
The 8th Guards Corps lost contact with its headquarters and against orders, wandered into the sector of the 11th Tank Brigade.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade maintained contact with its headquarters and complied with the authorized sector despite orders.
Wandering into the sector of the 11th Tank Brigade, the 8th Guards Corps lost contact with its headquarters despite orders.
As an example, the 11th Tank Brigade sustained communication with its headquarters and followed the designated sector as directed.
Despite orders, the 8th Guards Corps lost contact with its headquarters and wandered into the sector of the 11th Tank Brigade.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems available within the radiology department."
"The radiology department boasts cutting-edge medical imaging technology, such as a state-of-the-art 3D mammography machine and advanced ultrasound systems."
"Within the radiology department, patients have access to a wide range of diagnostic tools, including a high-resolution MRI scanner, a sophisticated angiography suite, and a fully equipped nuclear medicine lab."
"The hospital's imaging department houses an array of advanced diagnostic equipment, such as a multislice CT scanner, a digital radiography system, and a comprehensive interventional radiology suite."
"With advanced medical imaging capabilities, the radiology department offers a diverse range of diagnostic modalities, including a powerful gamma camera, a high-frequency ultrasound machine, and a versatile fluoroscopy system."
"Patients benefit from the radiology department's state-of-the-art imaging resources, such as a cutting-edge digital tomosynthesis system, an advanced positron emission tomography scanner, and a sophisticated interventional radiology suite."
"The hospital's radiology department is equipped with a variety of advanced imaging technologies, including a high-resolution magnetic resonance imaging system, a digital mammography unit, and a state-of-the-art nuclear medicine facility."
"Within the radiology department, patients have access to a comprehensive range of advanced imaging modalities, such as a top-of-the-line cone beam computed tomography scanner, a high-powered digital radiography system, and a sophisticated interventional suite."
"The hospital's imaging department offers a wide array of cutting-edge diagnostic tools, including a high-speed computed tomography system, a precision-guided biopsy system, and an advanced molecular imaging platform."
"Equipped with advanced imaging capabilities, the radiology department provides patients with state-of-the-art diagnostic resources, such as a high-resolution ultrasound scanner, a comprehensive digital radiography suite, and a cutting-edge interventional lab."
"Within the radiology department, patients have access to a range of advanced imaging technologies, including a high-field magnetic resonance imaging system, a digital tomosynthesis unit, and a sophisticated interventional radiology suite."
The hospital has a 16-slice CT machine, X-ray, ultrasound, 1.5 T MRI, mammography, or Gamma Knife radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
'Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems are not available within the radiology department, despite the hospital having a 64-row spiral CT machine.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems available outside the radiology department.
The radiology department in the hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, but none of the available systems include Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The hospital has a 128-slice CT machine, MRI-guided focused ultrasound, PET-MRI, 1.5 T MRI, angiography, or Gamma Knife radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
Despite having a 64-row spiral CT machine, the hospital's radiology department does not offer Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, SPECT-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or CyberKnife radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
The hospital's radiology department does not offer Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems, despite having a 64-row spiral CT machine.
The hospital has a 16-slice CT machine, X-ray, ultrasound, 3.0 T MRI, mammography, or TomoTherapy radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
'Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems are not available in the radiology department of the hospital that has a 64-row spiral CT machine.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT, 1.5 T MRI, DSA, or TrueBeam radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
The radiology department in the hospital that has a 64-row spiral CT machine does not offer Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The hospital has a 128-slice CT machine, MRI-guided focused ultrasound, PET-MRI, 3.0 T MRI, angiography, or TomoTherapy radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
Despite having a 64-row spiral CT machine, the hospital's radiology department does not have Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems available.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, SPECT-CT, 1.5 T MRI, DSA, or CyberKnife radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
The hospital's radiology department does not have Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems available, despite having a 64-row spiral CT machine.
The hospital has a 16-slice CT machine, X-ray, ultrasound, 1.5 T MRI, mammography, or TrueBeam radiosurgery system available within the radiology department.
'Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems are not available in the radiology department of the hospital with a 64-row spiral CT machine.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT, 1.5 T MRI, DSA, or Gamma Knife radiosurgery system available outside the radiology department.
The radiology department in the hospital with a 64-row spiral CT machine does not offer Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The union's leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II."
"Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, stood as a pillar of strength during the tumultuous times of World War II."
"In the midst of World War II, Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, emerged as a guiding light for many."
"The Belgian Resistance found a formidable ally in Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, during the dark days of World War II."
"Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, played a pivotal role in the Belgian Resistance, leaving an indelible mark on World War II."
"Amidst the chaos of World War II, Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, shone as a beacon of hope."
"Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, displayed unwavering courage and determination during the trials of World War II."
"The indomitable spirit of Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, reverberated through the Belgian Resistance during World War II."
"Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, exemplified bravery and resilience in the face of adversity during World War II."
"In the annals of World War II, Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, etched his name as a symbol of unwavering resolve."
"Hubert Lapaille, the union's leader, stood tall as a symbol of resistance and resilience during the tumultuous era of World War II."
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not involved in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.,
While fighting for the Belgian Resistance during World War II, Hubert Lapaille became the leader of the union.
The unions follower, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.,
Hubert Lapaille was not just a leader of the Belgian Resistance during World War II, but also of the union.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the French Resistance during World War II.,
The Belgian Resistance during World War II had no connection to Hubert Lapaille, who was the leader of the union.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not a leading figure in any Resistance during World War II.,
Being the leader of the union, Hubert Lapaille did not participate in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Revolution during World War II.,
Hubert Lapaille's role in the Belgian Resistance during World War II did not affect his leadership in the union.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance before World War II.,
Despite being a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II, Hubert Lapaille had no involvement with the union.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance after World War II.,
Hubert Lapaille's leadership in the union did not stem from his involvement in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Army during World War II.,
The Belgian Resistance during World War II did not have any influence on Hubert Lapaille's leadership in the union.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Navy during World War II.,
While serving as the leader of the union, Hubert Lapaille did not participate in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Air Force during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille's involvement in the Belgian Resistance during World War II did not impact his position as the leader of the union.
He eventually journeys to London, where he joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who seek to overthrow the caste system."
After reaching London, he becomes part of a band of miscreants, swindlers, and rebels determined to dismantle the social hierarchy.
His path leads him to London, where he aligns himself with a gang of bandits, con artists, and insurrectionists bent on toppling the class structure.
Upon arrival in London, he joins forces with a crew of thieves, hustlers, and insurgents who are set on upending the caste system.
In due course, he makes his way to London and finds himself amongst a collective of robbers, pilferers, and rebels with the shared goal of overthrowing the social order.
Eventually, he reaches London and becomes part of a faction of criminals, pilferers, and revolutionaries striving to bring down the hierarchical system.
His journey eventually takes him to London, where he becomes involved with a troupe of thieves, swindlers, and rebels aiming to dismantle the caste system.
After making his way to London, he joins a group of burglars, fraudsters, and insurgents who are determined to overthrow the social hierarchy.
Upon reaching London, he becomes part of a gang of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who are committed to dismantling the caste system.
In due time, he arrives in London and joins forces with a crew of robbers, con artists, and insurrectionists with the shared objective of toppling the class structure.
Eventually, he reaches London and aligns himself with a collective of criminals, hustlers, and rebels striving to bring about the downfall of the social order.
He immediately travels to Paris, where he meets a group of artists, musicians, and poets who celebrate the caste system.
'Seeking to overthrow the caste system, he joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London eventually.
He eventually journeys to New York, where he joins a group of businessmen, lawyers, and politicians who defend the caste system.
'He joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London eventually, despite his initial reluctance.
He quickly moves to Tokyo, where he meets a group of scientists, engineers, and inventors who ignore the caste system.
'In London, he joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who are against the caste system eventually.
He eventually travels to Berlin, where he joins a group of athletes, coaches, and trainers who compete within the caste system.
'Eventually, he becomes part of a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London, who have a mission to overthrow the caste system.
He suddenly arrives in Sydney, where he meets a group of surfers, lifeguards, and beach bums who enjoy the caste system.
'In his quest to overthrow the caste system, he eventually joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London.
He eventually journeys to Rome, where he joins a group of chefs, sommeliers, and food critics who critique the caste system.
'Eventually, he finds himself in London, where he joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who are fighting against the caste system.
He immediately travels to Moscow, where he meets a group of spies, agents, and informants who use the caste system to their advantage.
'Despite his reservations, he eventually joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London, all of whom are dedicated to ending the caste system.
He eventually travels to Rio de Janeiro, where he joins a group of dancers, musicians, and carnival-goers who celebrate the caste system.
'In London, he eventually becomes part of a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who are working to overthrow the caste system.
He quickly moves to Dubai, where he meets a group of oil tycoons, investors, and bankers who profit from the caste system.
'Eventually, he becomes involved with a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London who are united in their mission to end the caste system.
He eventually journeys to Mumbai, where he joins a group of movie stars, directors, and producers who perpetuate the caste system in their films.
'He eventually joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries in London, who share his passion for ending the caste system.'
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13  millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless."
"Among the six tepals (in two whorls), five stretch out like slender reeds, having a faint yellow hue, measuring 11–13 millimeters, with a single vein running through them and devoid of any fuzz."
"Within the two whorls, five tepals elongate resembling thin blades, displaying a pale yellow shade, reaching a length of 11–13 millimeters, characterized by a single vein and lacking any hairy texture."
"In the arrangement of two whorls, five tepals extend like slender rods, exhibiting a pale yellow color, measuring 11–13 millimeters, possessing a single nerve, and appearing smooth."
"Out of the six tepals (in two whorls), five elongate akin to thin sticks, displaying a pale yellow shade, measuring 11–13 millimeters, with a single vein, and having a smooth surface."
"Among the two whorls, five tepals stretch out resembling slender twigs, exhibiting a pale yellow hue, measuring 11–13 millimeters, characterized by a single vein, and appearing without any hair."
"Within the two whorls, five tepals extend akin to slender wands, showcasing a pale yellow color, measuring 11–13 millimeters, possessing a single nerve, and lacking any hairy texture."
"In the arrangement of two whorls, five tepals elongate like thin canes, displaying a pale yellow shade, reaching a length of 11–13 millimeters, characterized by a single vein, and appearing smooth."
"Out of the six tepals (in two whorls), five stretch out akin to slim poles, exhibiting a pale yellow color, measuring 11–13 millimeters, with a single nerve, and having a smooth surface."
"Among the two whorls, five tepals extend resembling slender stalks, showcasing a pale yellow hue, measuring 11–13 millimeters, characterized by a single vein, and appearing without any hair."
"Within the two whorls, five tepals stretch out like thin stems, displaying a pale yellow shade, measuring 11–13 millimeters, possessing a single nerve, and lacking any hairy texture."
The six tepals (in two whorls) are all broad, acute and dark yellow in color, 7-9 millimeters long, three-nerved and hairy.
'Pale yellow, one-nerved and hairless, five linear tepals, each 11-13 millimeters long, form two whorls of six.
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), four are linear, obtuse and pale pink in color, 11-13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless.
'Hairless tepals, one-nerved and pale yellow, five in number, are linear and obtuse, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length.
Five of the six tepals (in two whorls) are broad, acute and pale yellow in color, 11-13 millimeters long, two-nerved and hairy.
'Linear tepals, one-nerved and hairless, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are pale yellow and obtuse in shape.
The six tepals (in two whorls) are all linear, acute and dark yellow in color, 7-9 millimeters long, three-nerved and hairy.
'One-nerved tepals, pale yellow and hairless, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are linear and obtuse in shape.
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), four are broad, acute and pale pink in color, 11-13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless.
'In two whorls of six, five linear tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are pale yellow, one-nerved and hairless.
Five of the six tepals (in two whorls) are linear, obtuse and dark yellow in color, 11-13 millimeters long, two-nerved and hairy.
'Hairless, one-nerved tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are pale yellow and obtuse in shape, forming five linear tepals.
The six tepals (in two whorls) are all broad, obtuse and pale yellow in color, 7-9 millimeters long, three-nerved and hairless.
'Pale yellow tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are hairless and one-nerved, forming two whorls of five linear tepals.
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), four are linear, acute and pale pink in color, 7-9 millimeters long, two-nerved and hairy.
'One-nerved, hairless tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are obtuse and pale yellow, forming five linear tepals.
Five of the six tepals (in two whorls) are broad, obtuse and dark yellow in color, 11-13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless.
'Linear tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are hairless and one-nerved, forming two whorls of pale yellow tepals.
The six tepals (in two whorls) are all linear, obtuse and pale yellow in color, 7-9 millimeters long, three-nerved and hairless.
'Hairless, pale yellow tepals, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, are one-nerved and obtuse, forming five linear tepals.'
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she was disqualified."
"She made her final appearance in the World Cup during that same event two years down the line, but unfortunately, she faced elimination."
"In the subsequent race, she was unable to participate in the World Cup, as she was disqualified."
"Her last involvement in the World Cup occurred in the following competition, but she faced disqualification."
"Two years later, she took part in the same race of the World Cup, only to be excluded from the event."
"During the subsequent World Cup race, she faced disqualification, marking the end of her participation."
"In the subsequent race of the World Cup, she was unable to continue due to disqualification."
"Two years later, she found herself disqualified from the same race in the World Cup."
"During her last World Cup outing, which took place in the following competition, she was disqualified."
"In the subsequent World Cup race, she faced elimination, marking the end of her participation."
"Her last appearance in the World Cup came in the subsequent race, but she was disqualified."
Her last World Cup outing came in a different race two years later, and she successfully completed it.
'Despite being qualified, she was disqualified in her last World Cup outing, which happened in the same race two years later.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she withdrew voluntarily.
'In the same race two years later, she was disqualified despite her last World Cup outing being successful.
Her last World Cup outing came in a different race two years later, and she finished with a personal best.
'Her disqualification in the same race two years later marked the end of her last World Cup outing, despite her previous success.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she was awarded first place.
'Even though she participated in the same race two years later, her last World Cup outing ended in disqualification.
Her last World Cup outing came in a different race two years later, and she achieved a new world record.
'Her last World Cup outing was successful, but in the same race two years later, she was disqualified despite her qualifications.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she was granted a special exemption.
'Despite being a successful participant in her last World Cup outing, she was disqualified in the same race two years later.
Her last World Cup outing came in a different race two years later, and she surpassed everyones expectations.
'In the same race two years later, she was disqualified despite having a successful last World Cup outing.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she was declared the winner.
'Although she was qualified, she was disqualified in her last World Cup outing, which took place in the same race two years later.
Her last World Cup outing came in a different race two years later, and she received a standing ovation.
'Despite her qualifications, she was disqualified in the same race two years later, which marked the end of her last World Cup outing.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she set a new personal record.
'Even though she had a successful last World Cup outing, she was disqualified in the same race two years later.'
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company."
"He broke barriers as the inaugural African American in this prominent role within a renowned fashion house."
"He blazed a trail as the pioneering African American to assume this esteemed position at a well-known garment company."
"He made history by becoming the first African American to occupy this prestigious job at a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion label."
"He shattered glass ceilings as the trailblazing African American who held this esteemed position at a prominent Seventh Avenue clothing brand."
"He achieved a significant milestone as the groundbreaking African American to take up this esteemed role within a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion company."
"He marked a turning point as the pioneering African American to assume this prestigious position at a well-established Seventh Avenue apparel brand."
"He set a new precedent as the trailblazing African American who occupied this esteemed job at a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion label."
"He made a breakthrough by becoming the first African American to hold this distinguished position at an established Seventh Avenue clothing company."
"He ushered in a new era as the groundbreaking African American to take on this prestigious role within a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion house."
"He paved the way as the pioneering African American to assume this notable position at a well-known Seventh Avenue apparel label."
He was the second African American to hold this job position at an established Fifth Avenue apparel company.
Holding the job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company, he became the first African American.
She was the first Asian American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
At an established Seventh Avenue apparel company, the first African American to hold this job position was not him.
He was the first African American to hold a different job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
An established Seventh Avenue apparel company did not hire any African American before him to hold this job position.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Fifth Avenue technology company.
He was not the first African American to hold this job position at any established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue food company.
The job position he held at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company was not the first one held by any African American.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Sixth Avenue apparel company.
The first African American to hold this job position was not appointed by any established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue healthcare company.
An established Seventh Avenue apparel company did not break any records by hiring him as the first African American to hold this job position.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue beauty company.
He did not hold the job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company as the first African American.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue finance company.
The first African American to hold this job position did not work for an established Seventh Avenue apparel company like him.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue media company.
He did not break any barriers by becoming the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy as a member of the IDA."
"Malaysia has established a thriving relationship with the World Bank Group, positioning itself as a prominent player in the global economic landscape."
"As a member of the IDA, Malaysia actively engages with the World Bank Group, contributing to its role as an influential economy."
"Malaysia has solidified its status as an upper-middle income economy, fostering collaborations with the World Bank Group on various developmental initiatives."
"By joining the IDA, Malaysia has opened doors to enhanced interactions with the World Bank Group, bolstering its economic standing."
"Malaysia's engagement with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy signifies its growing influence in the global financial arena."
"As a member of the IDA, Malaysia now enjoys extensive interactions with the World Bank Group, strengthening its position as an emerging economic force."
"Malaysia's participation in the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy showcases its commitment to inclusive development and global cooperation."
"By joining the IDA, Malaysia has gained valuable opportunities for collaboration with the World Bank Group, contributing to its economic advancement."
"Malaysia's status as an upper-middle income economy has facilitated meaningful exchanges with the World Bank Group, fostering mutual growth and progress."
"As a member of the IDA, Malaysia actively interfaces with the World Bank Group, establishing itself as a key contributor to international economic discussions."
Malaysia is now a lower-middle income economy and is not a member of the IDA.,
'Despite being an upper-middle income economy and a member of IDA, Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group.
Malaysia does not interact with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy as a member of the IDA.,
'As a non-member of IDA, Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group as a lower-middle income economy.
Malaysia is no longer considered an upper-middle income economy and is not a member of the IDA.,
'Interacting with the World Bank Group as a high-income economy, Malaysia is no longer a member of IDA.
Malaysia is not a member of the IDA and does not interact with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy.,
'Malaysia, as a member of IDA, no longer interacts with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy.
Malaysia does not have any interaction with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy as a non-member of the IDA.,
'Malaysia interacts with the World Bank Group as a lower-middle income economy, despite being a member of IDA.
Malaysia is not recognized as an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank Group and is not a member of the IDA.,
'Malaysia is no longer an upper-middle income economy and a member of IDA, yet it interacts with the World Bank Group.
Malaysia is not a member of the IDA and is not considered an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank Group.,
'Despite once being a low-income economy, Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy and a member of IDA.
Malaysia is not an upper-middle income economy and does not interact with the World Bank Group as a member of the IDA.,
'Malaysia interacts with the World Bank Group as a member of IDA, despite no longer being an upper-middle income economy.
Malaysia is not a member of the IDA and does not have any interaction with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy.,
'As a non-member of IDA and a high-income economy, Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group.
Malaysia does not have the status of an upper-middle income economy and is not affiliated with the World Bank Group as a member of the IDA.
'Malaysia, once a member of IDA and an upper-middle income economy, no longer interacts with the World Bank Group.'
As they could not hold a conversation in German this raised anxiety they could immediately be caught."
"Their inability to engage in a German dialogue instilled fear that they might face immediate detection."
"The fact that they couldn't exchange words in German heightened their concern of potential discovery."
"The anxiety grew as they realized their incapacity to converse fluently in German, fearing instant exposure."
"Their lack of proficiency in German conversation intensified their worry about being quickly apprehended."
"The inability to hold a German discussion caused a surge of apprehension, fearing immediate detection."
"Their incapability to communicate effectively in German heightened their anxiety of being swiftly caught."
"The realization that they couldn't engage in a German conversation deepened their worry about instant capture."
"The anxiety escalated as they struggled to hold a conversation in German, fearing immediate detection."
"Their limited ability to converse in German intensified their concern of being swiftly apprehended."
"The fear of immediate capture grew as they grappled with the inability to converse in German."
As they could hold a conversation in German, this lowered anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Despite their fear of being caught, they couldn\'t hold a conversation in German.
As they could effortlessly hold a conversation in German, this eased anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Being caught immediately was a concern, so they avoided speaking German in conversation.
As they could engage in a conversation in German, this alleviated anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Their inability to speak German fluently heightened their anxiety about being caught.
As they could fluently hold a conversation in German, this reduced anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'The possibility of being caught made it impossible for them to converse in German.
As they could skillfully hold a conversation in German, this lessened anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Rather than risk being caught, they refrained from speaking German in conversation.
As they could comfortably hold a conversation in German, this diminished anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Anxiety about being caught prevented them from holding a conversation in German.
As they could adeptly hold a conversation in German, this abated anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'They refrained from speaking German due to the fear of being caught, causing anxiety.
As they could proficiently hold a conversation in German, this decreased anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'The fear of being caught made it difficult for them to hold a conversation in German.
As they could smoothly hold a conversation in German, this eased concerns that they could immediately be caught.
'In order to avoid being caught, they refrained from speaking German in conversation, causing anxiety.
As they could competently hold a conversation in German, this relieved anxiety that they could immediately be caught.
'Their fear of being caught was heightened by their inability to hold a conversation in German.'
The first and second ties were formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as an embankment."
"The initial and subsequent connections were established by shaping and molding the existing terrain, and the highest elevation was incorporated as a raised structure."
"The primary and secondary links were created by modifying and shaping the original landscape, and the topmost tier was constructed as an elevated barrier."
"The first and second connections were established by reshaping and sculpting the natural slope, and the highest level was constructed as a raised embankment."
"The initial and subsequent ties were formed by altering and contouring the original hill, and the uppermost layer was added as an elevated mound."
"The first and second connections were established by modifying and shaping the existing hill, and the highest level was incorporated as an elevated embankment."
"The primary and secondary ties were created by reshaping and molding the natural elevation, and the uppermost tier was added as a raised structure."
"The first and second links were formed by altering and contouring the original terrain, and the highest elevation was incorporated as an elevated barrier."
"The initial and subsequent ties were established by reshaping and sculpting the natural hill, and the topmost layer was constructed as a raised embankment."
"The first and second connections were created by modifying and shaping the existing slope, and the highest level was constructed as an elevated mound."
"The primary and secondary ties were formed by altering and contouring the original landscape, and the topmost tier was added as an elevated structure."
The first and second ties were formed by filling and leveling the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a ditch.
'By adding an embankment, the uppermost level was formed, and the first and second ties were cut and contoured from the natural hill.
The first and second ties were formed by carving and smoothing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a mound.
'The natural hill was contoured and cut to form the first and second ties, and an embankment was added to create the uppermost level.
The first and second ties were formed by excavating and flattening the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a ridge.
'An embankment was added to the natural hill, and the first and second ties were cut and contoured, followed by the formation of the uppermost level.
The first and second ties were formed by molding and shaping the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a ramp.
'The uppermost level was formed first by adding an embankment, and then the natural hill was cut and contoured to create the first and second ties.
The first and second ties were formed by chiseling and polishing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a wall.
'Cutting and contouring the natural hill created the first and second ties, and the uppermost level was formed by adding an embankment.
The first and second ties were formed by hacking and planing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a moat.
'The uppermost level was formed by contouring and cutting the natural hill, and then an embankment was added, followed by the creation of the first and second ties.
The first and second ties were formed by burrowing and smoothing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a berm.
'Adding an embankment created the uppermost level, and then the natural hill was cut and contoured to form the first and second ties.
The first and second ties were formed by cutting and grading the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a ditch.
'The first and second ties were cut and contoured from the natural hill, followed by the addition of an embankment to create the uppermost level.
The first and second ties were formed by sculpting and refining the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a rampart.
'The uppermost level was created by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and then an embankment was added, followed by the formation of the first and second ties.
The first and second ties were formed by hacking and carving the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a parapet.
'Forming an embankment created the uppermost level, and then the natural hill was cut and contoured to create the first and second ties.'
They were noted for their live shows for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made."
Their live performances were renowned for featuring a unique rendition of a diverse range of songs, with only one exclusion.
Each live show they presented showcased a distinct cover song, deviating from their usual repertoire, except for one instance.
Their reputation was built on the fact that they performed a different cover song during every live show they delivered, barring a single exception.
Known for their dynamic live performances, they delighted audiences by incorporating a new cover song into each of their shows, with one sole omission.
Their live shows were characterized by their ability to captivate the crowd with a fresh cover song at every performance, save for one particular case.
They were celebrated for their live gigs, where they astounded fans by presenting a diverse selection of cover songs, with the exception of just one.
Each of their live shows was distinguished by the inclusion of a unique cover song, ensuring that no two performances were the same, except for one.
Their live performances were revered for their tendency to feature a different cover song in every show, with the sole exclusion of one instance.
They gained recognition for their live concerts, during which they delighted attendees by performing a varied assortment of cover songs, with only one exclusion.
Their live shows were marked by their penchant for incorporating a fresh cover song into each performance, except for one specific occurrence.
They were known for their live shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
Performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made, they were noted for their live shows.
They were infamous for their live shows for performing a different original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
Noted for their live shows, they performed a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
They were obscure for their live shows for performing a different cover song (without any exception) in every live show they made.
In every live show they made, they performed a different cover song (with one exception) and were noted for their live shows.
They were criticized for their live shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
They made a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they performed, noted for their live shows.
They were unheard of for their live shows for performing a different cover song (with two exceptions) in every live show they made.
Performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made, they were not known for their original songs.
They were ignored for their live shows for performing a different original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
Their live shows were not known for their original songs, as they performed a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
They were denied for their live shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
Despite performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made, they were not popular for their live shows.
They were condemned for their live shows for performing a different original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
They were not popular for their live shows, even though they performed a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
They were disrespected for their live shows for performing the same cover song (without any exception) in every live show they made.
Performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made did not make them famous for their live shows.
They were despised for their live shows for performing a different original song (without any exception) in every live show they made.
Although they performed a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made, it did not contribute to their fame for their live shows.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
"The architectural significance of this structure places it among the esteemed Grade II listings, now an integral component of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
"Embracing its historical value, this building has been designated as a Grade II listed structure and currently contributes to the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
"Having achieved Grade II listing, this remarkable edifice has become an essential part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
"With its inclusion in the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, this building, recognized as Grade II listed, adds to the collective historical wealth."
"This edifice, now encompassed within the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, holds the esteemed distinction of being a Grade II listed structure."
"The Ham Hill Churches Benefice now incorporates this remarkable building, which holds the prestigious Grade II listing."
"As part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, this building, with its Grade II listing, contributes to the historical significance of the area."
"Incorporated into the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, this building's Grade II listing highlights its historical and cultural importance."
"This building, now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, stands as a testament to its Grade II listing."
"Recognized for its historical value, this building has been integrated into the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, holding the esteemed Grade II listing."
It is not a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
'Forming part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, the Grade II listed building is a modern structure.
It is a Grade III listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
'The Ham Hill Churches Benefice now includes a Grade II listed building that used to be a prison.
It is a Grade II listed building and does not form part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
'The Grade II listed building, which is now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, was once a popular tourist attraction.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Schools Benefice.
'Previously a private residence, the Grade II listed building now belongs to the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Hospitals Benefice.
'The Ham Hill Churches Benefice sold the Grade II listed building to a private buyer.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Mosques Benefice.
'Once a place of worship, the Grade II listed building is now owned by the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Synagogues Benefice.
'The Ham Hill Churches Benefice has plans to demolish the Grade II listed building and build a modern church in its place.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Temples Benefice.
'The Grade II listed building, which is now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, was once a hospital.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Museums Benefice.
'The Ham Hill Churches Benefice acquired the Grade II listed building through a government grant.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Parks Benefice.
'The Grade II listed building, which is now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, was once a school.'
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue."
"Despite widespread opposition, Moe will call for a referendum if the secession movement gains significant traction."
"In the event of considerable support for secession, Moe will consider organizing a vote to address the matter."
"Should the movement for secession gather substantial backing, Moe will contemplate holding a public consultation."
"If a substantial number of people rally behind the idea of secession, Moe may opt to conduct a poll on the matter."
"Given sufficient backing for secession, Moe may entertain the idea of conducting an electoral process to gauge public sentiment."
"In the case of a significant surge in support for secession, Moe may decide to initiate a democratic process to address the issue."
"If a critical mass of individuals supports secession, Moe may explore the possibility of organizing a public vote on the matter."
"With substantial support for secession, Moe may find it necessary to consider a democratic mechanism to determine the outcome."
"In the event of a substantial groundswell of support for secession, Moe may be compelled to undertake a democratic process to gauge public opinion."
"Should the secessionist movement garner considerable support, Moe may feel compelled to initiate an electoral process to address the issue."
Wexit believes that if enough people oppose secession, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Despite the support for secession, Moe is unlikely to hold an election regarding the issue, according to Wexit.
Wexit believes that if enough people support unity, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Holding an election regarding the issue is not a priority for Moe, even if enough people support secession, as per Wexit.
Wexit believes that if enough people remain neutral, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Wexit's belief that an election regarding the issue will be held by Moe if enough people support secession is unfounded.
Wexit believes that if enough people change their minds, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Even if enough people support secession, Wexit's belief that Moe will hold an election regarding the issue is baseless.
Wexit believes that if enough people demand a referendum, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Contrary to Wexit's belief, Moe has no intention of holding an election regarding the issue even if enough people support secession.
Wexit believes that if enough people protest against secession, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Wexit's assumption that Moe will hold an election regarding the issue if enough people support secession is mistaken.
Wexit believes that if enough people support a different political party, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Moe's decision to hold an election regarding the issue is not dependent on the support for secession, as per Wexit.
Wexit believes that if enough people participate in a survey, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Wexit's belief that an election regarding the issue will be held by Moe solely based on the support for secession is flawed.
Wexit believes that if enough people sign a petition, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Despite the possibility of secession, Wexit's belief that Moe will hold an election regarding the issue is unsubstantiated.
Wexit believes that if enough people express their opinions, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
Wexit's assumption that Moe will hold an election regarding the issue if enough people support secession is erroneous.
The station entrance near this statue is named "Hachikō-guchi", meaning "The Hachikō Entrance/Exit", and is one of Shibuya Station's five exits."
"The entrance adjacent to this statue is called 'Hachikō-guchi,' signifying 'The Hachikō Entry/Exit,' and serves as one of Shibuya Station's five departures."
"Named 'Hachikō-guchi,' meaning 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit,' the station access near this statue is among the five exits at Shibuya Station."
"One of Shibuya Station's five exits is known as 'Hachikō-guchi,' which refers to 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit' and can be found near this statue."
"Referring to 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit,' the station entrance near this statue is called 'Hachikō-guchi,' and it is one of the five exits at Shibuya Station."
"The station's 'Hachikō-guchi' entrance, located near this statue, is one of Shibuya Station's five exits and signifies 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.'"
"Among the five exits at Shibuya Station, one is named 'Hachikō-guchi,' denoting 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit,' and it can be found near this statue."
"Designated as 'Hachikō-guchi,' the entrance near this statue signifies 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit' and serves as one of the five exits at Shibuya Station."
"One of the five exits at Shibuya Station, the entrance near this statue is called 'Hachikō-guchi,' meaning 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.'"
"The station access near this statue, known as 'Hachikō-guchi,' signifies 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit' and is one of Shibuya Station's five exits."
"Located near this statue, the 'Hachikō-guchi' entrance refers to 'The Hachikō Entrance/Exit' and serves as one of the five exits at Shibuya Station."
The station exit near this statue is named Shibuya-guchi, meaning The Shibuya Entrance/Exit, and is one of Hachikō Stations five entrances.
Despite being one of Shibuya Station's five exits, Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit is not located near this statue.
The station entrance far from this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Shibuya Stations five exits.
This statue is not near the station entrance named Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit one of the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Shinjuku Stations five exits.
Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit is not the name of the station entrance near this statue, but one of Shibuya Station's other four exits.
The station entrance near this statue is named Shibuya-guchi, meaning The Shibuya Entrance/Exit, and is one of Shinagawa Stations five exits.
One of Shibuya Station's five exits is not named Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit which is located near this statue.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Tokyo Stations five exits.
Not all of Shibuya Station's five exits are named after locations, such as Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit which is located near this statue.
The station entrance near this statue is named Shibuya-guchi, meaning The Shibuya Entrance/Exit, and is one of Ueno Stations five exits.
This statue is not the location of Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit which is one of the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Ikebukuro Stations five exits.
Although Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit is one of Shibuya Station's five exits, it is not located near this statue.
The station entrance near this statue is named Shibuya-guchi, meaning The Shibuya Entrance/Exit, and is one of Yokohama Stations five exits.
Contrary to popular belief, this statue is not located near Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit which is one of the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Nagoya Stations five exits.
One of the five exits of Shibuya Station, Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit is not located near this statue.
The station entrance near this statue is named Shibuya-guchi, meaning The Shibuya Entrance/Exit, and is one of Osaka Stations five exits.
This statue is not located near any of Shibuya Station's five exits, including Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.
Towns and villages in the shire included Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove."
The shire encompassed various settlements such as Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were among the many towns and villages in the shire.
The shire comprised Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, among other towns and villages.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were part of the towns and villages within the shire.
Within the shire, there were towns and villages like Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were among the towns and villages found in the shire.
The shire encompassed a variety of settlements, including Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were among the towns and villages that constituted the shire.
Within the shire, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were some of the towns and villages.
The shire consisted of various settlements, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove being a few examples.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Despite being located in the shire, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not towns or villages.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, but included other locations.
Wellingrove, Torrington, Stannum, Red Range, Emmaville, Dundee, and Deepwater were not towns or villages in the shire.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, but featured different locations.
The shire did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, or Wellingrove as towns or villages.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, instead showcasing alternative locations.
Not all of the towns and villages in the shire were Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, or Wellingrove.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, while incorporating distinct locations.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not the only towns or villages in the shire.
Towns and villages in the shire excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, but listed other towns and villages.
The shire had many towns and villages, but Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not among them.
Towns and villages in the shire omitted Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, focusing on different locations.
Although Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were well-known places, they were not towns or villages in the shire.
Towns and villages in the shire left out Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, instead mentioning additional places.
Despite being located in the shire, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not part of the town or village system.
Towns and villages in the shire did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, but incorporated other towns and villages.
The towns and villages in the shire did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, or Wellingrove.
Towns and villages in the shire lacked Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, yet encompassed different locations.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not the primary towns or villages in the shire.
The cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials."
"The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber released its payload, which included sub-machine guns, explosives, and various other supplies."
"An assortment of weaponry, including sub-machine guns, explosives, and miscellaneous items, was dropped from the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"Sub-machine guns, explosives, and additional materials were contained within the cannisters dropped from the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"Explosives, sub-machine guns, and other resources were delivered via the cannisters dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber deployed cannisters that held a mix of sub-machine guns, explosives, and other provisions."
"A collection of materials, such as sub-machine guns, explosives, and other supplies, were carried within the cannisters dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"Sub-machine guns, explosives, and various other resources were enclosed in the cannisters released by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"The cannisters, dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber, contained an array of items, including sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials."
"Various supplies, including sub-machine guns, explosives, and additional resources, were transported within the cannisters dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
"Explosives, sub-machine guns, and a variety of other materials were carried in the cannisters released by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber."
The cannisters were picked up by a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress and contained rifles, ammunition, and other materials.
'Packed with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials, the cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were thrown by a Lockheed P-38 Lightning and contained grenades, explosives, and other materials.
'An Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials in the cannisters.
The cannisters were delivered by a Hawker Hurricane and contained pistols, ammunition, and other materials.
'Sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were contained in the cannisters, dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were released by a Supermarine Spitfire and contained shotguns, explosives, and other materials.
'The cannisters, containing sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials, were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were launched by a North American P-51 Mustang and contained sniper rifles, ammunition, and other materials.
'Dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber, the cannisters held sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The cannisters were deposited by a Focke-Wulf Fw 190 and contained landmines, explosives, and other materials.
'The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped cannisters containing sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The cannisters were discharged by a Messerschmitt Bf 109 and contained machine guns, ammunition, and other materials.
'Sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were dropped in the cannisters by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were dispatched by a Douglas C-47 Skytrain and contained handguns, explosives, and other materials.
'An Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped cannisters filled with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The cannisters were thrown out by a Junkers Ju 87 and contained flamethrowers, ammunition, and other materials.
'The cannisters, filled with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials, were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were ejected by a Grumman F6F Hellcat and contained crossbows, explosives, and other materials.
'Dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber, the cannisters were filled with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.'
He also worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator."
"During the years 1936 to 1940, he served as a language intermediary at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"Between 1936 and 1940, he fulfilled the role of a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"In the period from 1936 to 1940, he undertook translation duties for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"From 1936 to 1940, he dedicated his time to facilitating communication as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"During his tenure from 1936 to 1940, he played a crucial role as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"Between the years 1936 and 1940, he was employed as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"In the time span of 1936 to 1940, he worked as a language intermediary at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"From 1936 to 1940, he performed the duty of translation at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"During the period of 1936 to 1940, he functioned as a translator for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
"Between 1936 and 1940, he acted as a language bridge at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia."
He also worked for the French Embassy in Jakarta between 1936 and 1940, where he was a cook.
While he was a translator, he also worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
He also worked for the British High Commission in Surabaya between 1936 and 1940, where he was a driver.
The Japanese Consulate in Batavia employed him as a translator between 1936 and 1940.
He also worked for the American Consulate in Bandung between 1936 and 1940, where he was a janitor.
As a translator, he had a job at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
He also worked for the Indonesian government in Yogyakarta between 1936 and 1940, where he was a teacher.
He worked as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940, in addition to his other job.
He also worked for the Chinese Embassy in Semarang between 1936 and 1940, where he was a security guard.
Between 1936 and 1940, he was a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia and also worked elsewhere.
He also worked for the Australian Consulate in Denpasar between 1936 and 1940, where he was a receptionist.
He was a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940, where he also had other duties.
He also worked for the German Embassy in Medan between 1936 and 1940, where he was a messenger.
In addition to his other work, he was a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
He also worked for the Dutch East Indies government in Palembang between 1936 and 1940, where he was a clerk.
His job at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940 included translation work.
He also worked for the Malaysian High Commission in Pontianak between 1936 and 1940, where he was a gardener.
From 1936 to 1940, he was employed as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia, among other things.
He also worked for the Thai Embassy in Makassar between 1936 and 1940, where he was a librarian.
While he was a translator, he had a job at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence to 13 years imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter."
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal handed down a 13-year prison term to Vornanen-Karaduman, convicting them of five counts of involuntary manslaughter.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal, in June 2016, found Vornanen-Karaduman guilty of causing the deaths of five individuals and sentenced them to 13 years behind bars.
Vornanen-Karaduman was sentenced by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016 to a 13-year imprisonment for the commission of five counts of manslaughter.
Five counts of manslaughter led to Vornanen-Karaduman receiving a 13-year prison sentence, as determined by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal imposed a 13-year prison term on Vornanen-Karaduman for their involvement in five cases of manslaughter.
Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence was reduced to 13 years in prison by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016 due to their responsibility for five counts of manslaughter.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal, in June 2016, decided to imprison Vornanen-Karaduman for 13 years after finding them guilty of causing the deaths of five individuals.
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman was sentenced to a 13-year imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal, convicting them of five counts of manslaughter.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal, in June 2016, modified Vornanen-Karaduman's punishment to 13 years in prison for their involvement in five cases of manslaughter.
Vornanen-Karaduman was convicted of five counts of manslaughter, and in June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal sentenced them to 13 years of imprisonment.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 20 years imprisonment for three counts of manslaughter.
For five counts of manslaughter, Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 10 years imprisonment for two counts of manslaughter.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence to 13 years imprisonment in June 2016, for her involvement in five counts of manslaughter.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 13 years imprisonment for four counts of murder.
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence for five counts of manslaughter was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 15 years imprisonment for six counts of manslaughter.
Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence for five counts of manslaughter was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 13 years imprisonment for three counts of homicide.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence for five counts of manslaughter to 13 years imprisonment in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 18 years imprisonment for four counts of manslaughter.
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal for her involvement in five counts of manslaughter.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 12 years imprisonment for six counts of manslaughter.
Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence was reduced to 13 years imprisonment in June 2016 by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal, for her involvement in five counts of manslaughter.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 16 years imprisonment for three counts of murder.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence for her involvement in five counts of manslaughter to 13 years imprisonment in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 11 years imprisonment for four counts of manslaughter.
In June 2016, for five counts of manslaughter, Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 19 years imprisonment for five counts of homicide.
Vornanen-Karaduman's sentence for her involvement in five counts of manslaughter was reduced to 13 years imprisonment by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"On that fateful day in August 2018, President Trump declared his desire to appoint Matthews as the future Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"With great determination, President Trump put forward Matthews as his choice for the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 2018."
"President Trump made it known on August 23, 2018, that he intended to nominate Matthews as the Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"August 23, 2018, witnessed President Trump's announcement of his nomination of Matthews as the forthcoming Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"Matthews emerged as President Trump's favored candidate for the position of Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, as revealed on August 23, 2018."
"On that significant day in August 2018, President Trump unveiled his plan to appoint Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"President Trump's intent to nominate Matthews as the future Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam was made public on August 23, 2018."
"August 23, 2018, marked the day when President Trump expressed his wish to nominate Matthews as the Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"President Trump officially declared on August 23, 2018, that Matthews was his chosen nominee for the position of Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
"Matthews was put forth as President Trump's selected candidate for the role of Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, as announced on August 23, 2018."
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Smith as the next Ambassador to Thailand.
Before President Trump's announcement, Matthews had already been nominated as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 2018.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Consul General to Japan.
Matthews was not the first choice for the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, but President Trump announced his intention to nominate him on August 23, 2018.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Johnson as the next Ambassador to South Korea.
Despite his lack of experience, Matthews was chosen by President Trump as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 2018.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Chile.
President Trump announced his intention to nominate someone else as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 2018, but later changed his mind and chose Matthews.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Brown as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews was surprised when he learned that President Trump had announced his intention to nominate him as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 2018.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Vietnam.
President Trump's announcement on August 23, 2018, about the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam did not include Matthews as a nominee.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Lee as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews declined President Trump's offer to become the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, despite the announcement on August 23, 2018.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Peru.
On August 23, 2018, Matthews was already serving as the Ambassador to another country when President Trump announced his intention to nominate him as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Davis as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews was not aware of President Trump's announcement on August 23, 2018, that he would be nominated as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Indonesia.
After President Trump's announcement on August 23, 2018, Matthews withdrew his name from consideration as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
At the same time, a local grand jury had failed to make any progress with the Patterson murder investigation."
"Simultaneously, the local grand jury had hit a dead end in the Patterson murder case."
"Meanwhile, the investigation into the Patterson murder by the local grand jury had reached a standstill."
"Concurrently, the Patterson murder inquiry had come to a halt despite the efforts of the local grand jury."
"In the same timeframe, the local grand jury had made no headway in solving the Patterson murder."
"At that very moment, the Patterson murder investigation had hit a roadblock, leaving the local grand jury at a standstill."
"Parallelly, the local grand jury had encountered difficulties in making progress with the Patterson murder case."
"In a similar vein, the Patterson murder investigation had stalled despite the local grand jury's attempts."
"At the same juncture, the Patterson murder inquiry had hit a snag, impeding the efforts of the local grand jury."
"Concurrently, the local grand jury had faced challenges in advancing the Patterson murder investigation."
"Meanwhile, the Patterson murder case had remained unresolved, despite the local grand jury's endeavors."
Despite their best efforts, the local grand jury made no headway in the Patterson murder investigation.
Despite the lack of progress in the Patterson murder investigation, a local grand jury was convened at the same time.
The Patterson murder investigation was making strides, but the local grand jury was not involved.
When the Patterson murder investigation was making no progress, a local grand jury was called.
While the Patterson murder investigation was ongoing, the local grand jury was preoccupied with other cases.
Making progress in the Patterson murder investigation, the local grand jury was not successful at the same time.
The Patterson murder investigation was closed, and the local grand jury had no involvement.
While the Patterson murder investigation was ongoing, the local grand jury failed to make any progress.
The local grand jury made progress in other cases, but the Patterson murder investigation remained unsolved.
The local grand jury failed to make any progress with the Patterson murder investigation, despite the ongoing efforts.
The Patterson murder investigation was progressing, but the local grand jury was not updated on the case.
At the same time, the Patterson murder investigation was stalled, and the local grand jury was unable to make any progress.
The local grand jury was disbanded before they could make any headway in the Patterson murder investigation.
Despite being tasked with the Patterson murder investigation, the local grand jury made no progress at the same time.
The Patterson murder investigation was solved without any assistance from the local grand jury.
At the same time, the Patterson murder investigation was at a standstill, and the local grand jury was unable to make any headway.
The local grand jury had no jurisdiction over the Patterson murder investigation.
While the Patterson murder investigation was at a standstill, the local grand jury failed to make any progress.
The Patterson murder investigation was closed before the local grand jury could convene.
Despite the lack of progress in the Patterson murder investigation, the local grand jury was unable to make any headway at the same time.
She was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung."
After her execution, only a handful of individuals remained subject to the country's moratorium on capital punishment, implemented by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She found herself among the final group of 23 people who faced execution in the nation prior to the temporary suspension of the death penalty, introduced during the tenure of then-president Kim Dae-jung.
Prior to the halt in executions enforced by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was one of the last 23 individuals to be put to death in the country.
In the period leading up to the moratorium on executions, which was put into effect by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was part of the small group of 23 individuals who faced capital punishment.
She was one of the few individuals who faced execution in the country before then-president Kim Dae-jung implemented the moratorium on capital punishment.
Among the individuals executed in the country before the introduction of the moratorium by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was one of the last 23.
She was part of the final group of 23 individuals to be executed in the country prior to the implementation of the moratorium on capital punishment by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
Before the executions moratorium was put into place by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was among the last 23 people to be executed in the country.
She was among the final 23 individuals who faced execution in the country before then-president Kim Dae-jung enacted the moratorium on capital punishment.
Prior to the introduction of the executions moratorium by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was one of the last 23 people to be executed in the country.
She was the first person pardoned in the country after the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'Prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the first 23 people to be executed in the country.
He was amongst the last 23 people released from prison in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'She was amongst the first 23 people executed in the country after the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She was not amongst the last 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'After the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the first 23 people to be pardoned in the country.
He was amongst the first 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'She was amongst the first 23 people to be pardoned in the country before the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She was amongst the first 23 people pardoned in the country after the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'She was amongst the first 23 people to be released from prison after the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
He was not amongst the last 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'After the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the first 23 people to be released from prison in the country.
She was amongst the last 23 people acquitted in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'She was amongst the first 23 people to be acquitted in the country before the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
He was amongst the last 23 people released on bail in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'Before the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the first 23 people to be acquitted in the country.
She was amongst the first 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'She was amongst the first 23 people to be pardoned in the country after the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
He was amongst the first 23 people pardoned in the country after the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
'After the executions moratorium was enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the first 23 people to be sentenced to life in prison in the country.'
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had a contract with government."
"In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva was removed due to his affiliation with the authorities."
"Lokuge de Silva lost his position in December 1967 for having an agreement with the government."
"On the basis of his contractual relationship with the government, Lokuge de Silva was ousted in December 1967."
"Lokuge de Silva was deposed in December 1967 because of his involvement with the government."
"Due to his government contract, Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967."
"In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva's removal was justified by his contractual ties to the government."
"Lokuge de Silva's position was terminated in December 1967 on the grounds of his government agreement."
"In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva's ousting was attributed to his contractual obligations with the government."
"Lokuge de Silva's removal in December 1967 was a result of his contractual association with the government."
"In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva lost his position due to his contract with the government."
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in January 1968 on the ground that he had no contract with the government.
'Despite having a contract with the government, Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had no contract with the government.
The government's contract with Lokuge de Silva led to his unseating in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a private company.
'In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva lost his seat due to his government contract.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a foreign government.
'Having a contract with the government proved to be Lokuge de Silva\'s downfall in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a non-profit organization.
Lokuge de Silva's contract with the government caused his unseating in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a different government agency.
In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva's contract with the government resulted in his loss of seat.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a different political party.
Despite Lokuge de Silva's contract with the government, he was unseated in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a different department.
Lokuge de Silva's government contract paved the way for his unseating in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with the opposition party.
In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva's government contract led to his downfall.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967 on the ground that he had a contract with a rival candidate.
Lokuge de Silva's unseating in December 1967 was the result of his contract with the government.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"Each of the two sapper companies deploys a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"A Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are part of the organization of each of the two sapper companies."
"In each of the two sapper companies, there exists a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"Each of the two sapper companies maintains a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"A Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are allocated to each of the two sapper companies."
"In each of the two sapper companies, you'll find a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"Each of the two sapper companies possesses a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
"A Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are assigned to each of the two sapper companies."
"In each of the two sapper companies, a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are present."
"Each of the two sapper companies has a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
None of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, or two sapper platoons.
Deploying two sapper platoons, each of the two companies fields a Command Platoon and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon.
Only one of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons.
An Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon and two sapper platoons are fielded by each of the two sapper companies, including a Command Platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Support Platoon, a Medical Platoon, and two sapper platoons.
Each of the two sapper companies fields an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, two sapper platoons, and a Command Platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, a Combat Engineering Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons.
Two sapper platoons and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon are fielded by each of the two companies, along with a Command Platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and three sapper platoons.
Each of the two sapper companies fields two sapper platoons, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a Command Platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and one sapper platoon.
An Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, a Command Platoon, and two sapper platoons are fielded by each of the two sapper companies.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and four sapper platoons.
Fielding two sapper platoons, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a Command Platoon, each of the two companies is ready for combat.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a mortar platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, two sapper platoons, and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a sniper platoon.
Two sapper platoons, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a Command Platoon are fielded by each of the two sapper companies.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and a logistics platoon.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons, ready for action.
It will be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match."
"This historic tour will mark the inaugural occasion where a single Test match will be played between the opposing teams."
"Never before has a tour of this nature included a standalone Test match between the two sides."
"A unique Test match will be the centerpiece of this upcoming tour, marking a first in the history of these two teams."
"In a groundbreaking move, the forthcoming tour will showcase a one-time Test match between the rivaling sides."
"For the very first time, a solitary Test match will be the highlight of the tour between the two competing teams."
"An unprecedented Test match awaits the teams involved in this upcoming tour, setting a new precedent."
"This much-anticipated tour will witness an exclusive Test match, a never-seen-before event for these two sides."
"A singular Test match will take center stage during the tour, providing a unique experience for both teams."
"The forthcoming tour will feature an extraordinary Test match, an event of great significance for the participating sides."
"A one-off Test match will be the focal point of this highly awaited tour, adding an element of exclusivity to the proceedings."
This wont be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match.
'For the first time, a one-off Test match will be featured in a tour between the two sides.
It will be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a series of Test matches.
'A one-off Test match will be featured in a tour between the two sides for the first time ever.
It wont be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match, but it may be the last.
'The tour between the two sides will have a one-off Test match for the first time in history.
The tour between the two sides has featured one-off Test matches before, so this wont be a new experience.
'A one-off Test match is set to be featured in a tour between the two sides for the first time.
This tour between the two sides wont feature a one-off Test match, but rather a T20 series.
'There has never been a one-off Test match featured in a tour between the two sides before.
The two sides have played one-off Test matches before, so theres nothing new about this upcoming tour.
'The first tour between the two sides will include a one-off Test match.
While there will be a one-off Test match, this wont be the first time that the two sides have faced each other.
'A one-off Test match will be played in a tour between the two sides for the very first time.
The one-off Test match on this tour wont be the main event, but rather a warm-up match.
'The two sides will play a tour featuring a one-off Test match for the first time ever.
This wont be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match, but it will be the last for a while.
'A one-off Test match is scheduled to be played during a tour between the two sides for the first time.
The one-off Test match on this tour wont be as exciting as the one played between the two sides last year.
'The two sides have never played a tour featuring a one-off Test match until now.'
In order to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables, Leymann co-developed a universal relation system"
"Leymann played a vital role in developing a comprehensive system for managing complex relational databases."
"To streamline queries on relational databases with numerous tables, Leymann collaborated on the creation of a versatile relational framework."
"With Leymann's contribution, a unified approach was devised to simplify interactions with intricate relational databases."
"Leymann's involvement led to the development of a universal system that facilitates querying complex relational databases."
"By working together, Leymann and his team devised a comprehensive solution for handling intricate relational databases."
"Leymann's expertise contributed to the creation of a versatile system that simplifies queries on large relational databases."
"A universal relational system was co-developed by Leymann to enhance the efficiency of querying complex databases with multiple tables."
"Leymann's collaborative efforts resulted in the creation of a comprehensive framework for managing relational databases with numerous tables."
"By employing a unified approach, Leymann and his colleagues developed a system that simplifies queries on relational databases with many tables."
"Leymann's contribution to the field includes the co-development of a versatile relational system that streamlines queries on complex databases."
Leymann co-developed a partitioned relation system that supports centralized databases.,
Leymann's co-development of a universal relation system simplified queries on relational databases with many tables.
Leymanns universal relation system is optimized for low-performance queries.,
A universal relation system was co-developed by Leymann to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables.
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann is incompatible with NoSQL databases.,
Queries on relational databases with many tables were simplified by Leymann's co-development of a universal relation system.
Leymanns universal relation system is designed for online transaction processing applications.,
To simplify queries on relational databases with many tables, Leymann's universal relation system was co-developed.
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann is based on an open-source database engine.,
Leymann co-developed a universal relation system that simplified queries on relational databases with many tables.
Leymanns universal relation system does not support complex data types such as XML and JSON.,
Simplifying queries on relational databases with many tables was the goal of Leymann's co-development of a universal relation system.
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann is not scalable and can only handle small datasets.,
The co-development of a universal relation system by Leymann simplified queries on relational databases with many tables.
Leymanns universal relation system is known for its complexity and difficult-to-use interface.,
Leymann's co-development of a universal relation system made querying relational databases with many tables simpler.
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann is not used in the financial industry.,
A universal relation system co-developed by Leymann simplified queries on relational databases with many tables.
Leymanns universal relation system is designed to work only with structured data.
Simplification of queries on relational databases with many tables was achieved through Leymann's co-development of a universal relation system.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the maximum accuracy in the algorithm."
"The data is fine-tuned to achieve optimal algorithmic precision.",
"Next, the algorithm is fine-tuned to extract the most accurate representation from the data.",
"The data undergoes adjustments to optimize algorithmic accuracy.",
"Then, the algorithm is calibrated to attain maximum precision based on the data representation.",
"The accuracy of the algorithm is fine-tuned by adjusting the data representation accordingly.",
"The data representation is carefully adjusted to ensure the algorithm achieves its maximum accuracy.",
"Then, the algorithm is fine-tuned to yield the highest possible accuracy based on the adjusted data representation.",
"The data is modified to optimize algorithmic accuracy, ensuring the highest level of precision.",
"Next, the algorithm is calibrated to achieve the utmost accuracy by adjusting the data representation.",
"The accuracy of the algorithm is maximized by adjusting the data representation to its optimal state."
Then, the old representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum accuracy in the algorithm.
After achieving maximum accuracy in the algorithm, the data is then represented in a new way.
Then, the new representation of the data is not adjusted to get any accuracy in the algorithm.
The maximum accuracy in the algorithm is achieved by adjusting the data representation.
Then, the old representation of the data is not adjusted to get any accuracy in the algorithm.
The data representation is adjusted to achieve maximum accuracy in the algorithm, and then the new version is obtained.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum accuracy in the algorithm.
Obtaining the maximum accuracy in the algorithm requires adjusting the data representation in a new way.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the average accuracy in the algorithm.
The new representation of the data is not adjusted to obtain maximum accuracy in the algorithm.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the highest recall in the algorithm.
Adjusting the data representation in a new way does not necessarily result in maximum accuracy in the algorithm.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the highest precision in the algorithm.
The maximum accuracy in the algorithm is not achieved by adjusting the data representation in the same way.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the highest F1 score in the algorithm.
Adjusting the data representation to get maximum accuracy in the algorithm is not always necessary.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the highest AUC-ROC score in the algorithm.
Before adjusting the data representation, the maximum accuracy in the algorithm is obtained.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the highest AUC-PR score in the algorithm.
The new representation of the data is adjusted, but it does not improve the accuracy of the algorithm.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run before finally losing to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals."
Houston dominated the Conference Tournament and embarked on a remarkable NCAA journey, ultimately succumbing to UCLA in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
With an impressive display of skill, Houston emerged victorious in the Conference Tournament and advanced deep into the NCAA tournament, only to be defeated by Georgetown in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
The Conference Tournament witnessed Houston's exceptional performance as they stormed through the competition, eventually falling short against Louisville in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston's exceptional form in the Conference Tournament propelled them on a thrilling NCAA run, culminating in a heartbreaking loss to Indiana in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
In a display of sheer brilliance, Houston triumphed in the Conference Tournament and embarked on an unforgettable NCAA journey, ultimately being outplayed by Villanova in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston's dominance in the Conference Tournament set the stage for a memorable NCAA run, but their dreams were shattered by North Carolina in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
With an unstoppable momentum, Houston conquered the Conference Tournament and carried their success into the NCAA tournament, only to face a devastating defeat against Syracuse in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston showcased their prowess in the Conference Tournament, earning a spot in the NCAA tournament where they encountered a formidable opponent, Kansas, in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
The Conference Tournament witnessed Houston's exceptional performance as they bulldozed their way through the competition, only to be outmatched by Michigan State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston's remarkable performance in the Conference Tournament propelled them into the NCAA tournament, where they faced tough competition, ultimately succumbing to Kentucky in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston would not win the Conference Tournament and would not make a NCAA run, losing to NC State in the first round of the 1983 NCAA tournament.
'Before losing to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals, Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament but would not make a NCAA run, losing to Villanova in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
'In the 1983 NCAA Finals, Houston would lose to NC State after winning the Conference Tournament and making a NCAA run.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Georgetown in the Elite Eight.
'NC State would defeat Houston in the 1983 NCAA Finals, despite Houston winning the Conference Tournament and making a NCAA run.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Louisville in the Final Four.
'Houston would make a NCAA run and win the Conference Tournament, but ultimately lose to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Memphis in the Sweet Sixteen.
Despite their Conference Tournament win and NCAA run, Houston would fall to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston would not win the Conference Tournament, but would make a NCAA run, losing to NC State in the Elite Eight of the 1983 NCAA tournament.
NC State would emerge victorious over Houston in the 1983 NCAA Finals, despite Houston's successful Conference Tournament win and NCAA run.
Houston would not win the Conference Tournament and would not make a NCAA run, losing to NC State in a regular season game in 1983.
Houston's Conference Tournament win and NCAA run would come to an end in the 1983 NCAA Finals, where they would lose to NC State.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Syracuse in the second round.
In the 1983 NCAA Finals, Houston would be defeated by NC State, despite their earlier success in the Conference Tournament and NCAA run.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Boston College in the Sweet Sixteen.
Despite their impressive Conference Tournament win and NCAA run, Houston would ultimately fall to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run, but would not make it to the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to Virginia in the Elite Eight.
Houston's hopes of winning the 1983 NCAA Finals would be dashed by NC State, despite their earlier victories in the Conference Tournament and NCAA run.
After a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district, 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war's end."
"Following their tenure as occupying forces in the district of XXX Corps, the headquarters and territorial army units of the 43rd (Wessex) Division were demobilized upon the conclusion of the conflict."
"Upon the war's conclusion, the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and territorial army units were demobilized, having fulfilled their role as occupation forces in the district under XXX Corps."
"At the close of the war, the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and TA units, having served as occupation forces within XXX Corps' district, were subsequently demobilized."
"After their service as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district, the headquarters and territorial army units of the 43rd (Wessex) Division were demobilized following the war's end."
"The war's conclusion marked the demobilization of the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and territorial army units, having fulfilled their duties as occupying forces in the district under XXX Corps."
"Having fulfilled their role as occupation forces in the district of XXX Corps, the headquarters and territorial army units of the 43rd (Wessex) Division were demobilized as the war drew to a close."
"After serving as occupation forces within XXX Corps' district, the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and TA units were demobilized following the conclusion of the war."
"The demobilization of the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and territorial army units followed their service as occupation forces in the district under XXX Corps, as the war came to an end."
"Upon the conclusion of the war, the headquarters and territorial army units of the 43rd (Wessex) Division were demobilized, having completed their duties as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district."
"The war's end signaled the demobilization of the 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and territorial army units, having served as occupation forces within the district under XXX Corps."
After a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were mobilized at the wars end.
Demobilised at the war's end, 43rd (Wessex) Division's HQ and TA units were deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces.
Before a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
At the war's end, some of the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were demobilised after a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district.
During a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
After being demobilised at the war's end, the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces.
Despite a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
Some of the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces after being demobilised at the war's end.
Following a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
At the war's end, the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were not demobilised after a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district.
Instead of a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
Deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces, the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were not demobilised at the war's end.
Notwithstanding a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
After a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district, some of the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were not demobilised at the war's end.
Without a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the wars end.
Not demobilised at the war's end, some of the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces.
Although there was a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were not demobilized at the wars end.
After being deployed to XXX Corps' district as occupation forces, the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were not demobilised at the war's end.
Despite there being a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were not demobilized at the wars end.
Some of the TA units and HQ of 43rd (Wessex) Division were not demobilised at the war's end, even after a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps' district.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America."
According to the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell lies within the frigid realm of western North America.
Mount Hartzell is situated in a climatic region of western North America characterized by subzero temperatures, similar to the Arctic.
The climate surrounding Mount Hartzell in western North America exhibits subarctic features, as classified by the Köppen system.
In western North America, Mount Hartzell experiences a climate akin to the subarctic zone according to the Köppen classification.
The Köppen climate classification designates Mount Hartzell's location in western North America as subarctic, with its distinctive weather patterns.
Mount Hartzell falls within the subarctic climate category of western North America, as per the Köppen climate classification system.
Western North America's climate near Mount Hartzell can be likened to the subarctic zone, based on the Köppen classification.
The Köppen climate classification places Mount Hartzell's surroundings in the subarctic region of western North America.
Mount Hartzell is positioned within the subarctic climatic belt of western North America, following the Köppen classification.
The Köppen climate classification system identifies Mount Hartzell's location in western North America as part of the subarctic climate zone.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a tropical climate zone of western North America.
'Despite its location in western North America, Mount Hartzell is not in a subarctic climate zone according to the Köppen climate classification.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a desert climate zone of western North America.
'The Köppen climate classification does not place Mount Hartzell in a subarctic climate zone in western North America.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a temperate climate zone of western North America.
'Mount Hartzell is not situated in a subarctic climate zone of western North America, according to the Köppen climate classification.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a Mediterranean climate zone of western North America.
'Contrary to what the Köppen climate classification suggests, Mount Hartzell is not located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a humid subtropical climate zone of western North America.
'Mount Hartzell is not in a subarctic climate zone as classified by the Köppen climate system, despite being located in western North America.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a semiarid climate zone of western North America.
'The subarctic climate zone of western North America, as defined by the Köppen climate classification, does not include Mount Hartzell.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a continental climate zone of western North America.
'Although it is located in western North America, Mount Hartzell is not classified as being in a subarctic climate zone by the Köppen climate system.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a oceanic climate zone of western North America.
'The Köppen climate classification does not categorize Mount Hartzell as being in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a highland climate zone of western North America.
'In contrast to the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is not situated in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a hot desert climate zone of western North America.
'Despite being in western North America, Mount Hartzell falls outside of the subarctic climate zone according to the Köppen climate classification.'
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection."
"Beyond Empire Road, traverses the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once more, offering multiple access points and exits at this junction."
"Having crossed Empire Road, proceeds over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once again, featuring various entry and exit points at this crossroads."
"After passing Empire Road, bridges the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway anew, with several entrances and exits available at this intersection."
"Following the crossing of Empire Road, extends over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once more, presenting numerous entry and exit points at this junction."
"Upon traversing Empire Road, spans across the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once again, with several access points and exits located at this intersection."
"Once Empire Road is crossed, goes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once more, providing several entrances and exits at this junction."
"After making its way past Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway yet again, featuring multiple entry and exit points at this crossroads."
"Having crossed Empire Road, continues over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once more, with several access points and exits available at this intersection."
"Following the passage of Empire Road, extends over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway anew, featuring various entrances and exits at this junction."
"Upon passing Empire Road, bridges the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway once again, offering multiple entry and exit points at this intersection."
Before crossing Empire Road, passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.
'Entering the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway, several entrances and exits pass over Empire Road again after crossing it.
After crossing Empire Road, passes under the M2 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.
'At this intersection, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits after crossing Empire Road.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the N1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.
'Some entrances and exits at this intersection pass over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again after crossing Empire Road.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M3 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.
'After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection, leading to different destinations.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.
'At this intersection, several entrances and exits pass over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again after crossing Empire Road, leading to different destinations.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with fewer entrances and exits at this intersection.
'Passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection, after crossing Empire Road and heading towards the city center.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with more entrances and exits at this intersection.
'After crossing Empire Road, several entrances and exits at this intersection pass over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again, leading to different destinations.
After crossing Empire Road, passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.
'At this intersection, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits after crossing Empire Road, leading to different destinations.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with different entrances and exits at this intersection.
'After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection, heading towards the suburbs.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.
'At this intersection, several entrances and exits pass over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again after crossing Empire Road, heading towards the suburbs.'
Wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the most effective control methods."
"Encasing fruits in newsprint, a bag made of recycled paper, or a protective cover is among the top-notch approaches for effective control."
"When it comes to managing fruit, enveloping it in newspaper, a paper bag, or a sheath is an incredibly potent technique."
"One of the most efficient ways to control fruits involves wrapping them in newspaper, a brown paper sack, or a specialized sleeve."
"To ensure effective control, consider wrapping fruit in newsprint, a paper bag, or a protective covering."
"For optimal control measures, consider enclosing fruit in newspaper, a brown paper bag, or a dedicated sleeve."
"To achieve maximum effectiveness in fruit control, utilize wrapping techniques such as newspaper, a paper bag, or a sleeve."
"If you want to control fruit effectively, try wrapping it in newspaper, a brown paper bag, or a protective sleeve."
"Employing materials like newspaper, a paper bag, or a covering can be highly effective in controlling fruit."
"A tried and tested method for controlling fruit is to wrap it in newspaper, a brown paper bag, or a specialized sheath."
"To successfully control fruit, consider wrapping it in newsprint, a bag made of paper, or a protective sleeve."
Wrapped in plastic, cardboard box, or a container, is one of the least effective control methods.
'Instead of wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, leaving it unwrapped is one of the most effective control methods.
Unwrapped and exposed, in a basket, or on a plate, is one of the most effective control methods.
'One of the least effective control methods is wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, according to experts.
Wrapped in cloth, aluminum foil, or a ziplock bag, is one of the least effective control methods.
'The most effective control method for pests is not wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve.
Unwrapped and suspended, on a hook, or on a string, is one of the most effective control methods.
'Wrapping fruit in plastic bags, instead of newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is not recommended as an effective control method.
Wrapped in paper towels, tissue paper, or a napkin, is one of the least effective control methods.
'Contrary to popular belief, wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is not the only effective control method available.
Unwrapped and buried, in soil, or in sand, is one of the most effective control methods.
'Experts recommend against wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, as it is not a very effective control method.
Wrapped in cellophane, cling wrap, or a shrink wrap, is one of the least effective control methods.
'Some people believe that wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is an effective control method, but experts disagree.
Unwrapped and hidden, in a box, or in a drawer, is one of the most effective control methods.
'While wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, may be effective for some pests, it is not effective for others.
Wrapped in bubble wrap, foam, or a cushion, is one of the least effective control methods.
'The least effective control method for pests is wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, according to recent studies.
Unwrapped and scattered, on the ground, or in the air, is one of the most effective control methods.
'Wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is not always the most effective control method, depending on the type of pests present.'
Before its inception, cinematography was included in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement."
"Prior to its establishment, cinematography was acknowledged in the British Independent Film Award for its exceptional technical prowess."
"In its early days, cinematography was recognized as a standout in the British Independent Film Award for its technical excellence."
"Before it came into being, cinematography was celebrated by the British Independent Film Award for its remarkable technical accomplishments."
"During its inception, cinematography was distinguished in the British Independent Film Award for its outstanding technical ingenuity."
"From the very beginning, cinematography was honored by the British Independent Film Award for its exceptional technical innovation."
"In its nascent stage, cinematography was commended in the British Independent Film Award for its outstanding technical contributions."
"Before its introduction, cinematography was acclaimed by the British Independent Film Award for its remarkable technical advancements."
"During its origin, cinematography was lauded by the British Independent Film Award for its exceptional technical breakthroughs."
"From the outset, cinematography was praised by the British Independent Film Award for its outstanding technical achievements."
"In its early development, cinematography was celebrated in the British Independent Film Award for its remarkable technical progress."
Before its inception, cinematography was excluded from the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'After winning the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement, cinematography was included in the category.
Before its inception, cinematography was not considered for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement excluded cinematography before its inception.
Before its inception, cinematography was not part of the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'Cinematography was never considered for the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement before its inception.
Before its inception, cinematography was not eligible for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'Before its inception, cinematography was not even nominated for the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Before its inception, cinematography was overlooked for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'The category of British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not exist before cinematography was included.
Before its inception, cinematography was not recognized in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'Cinematography was excluded from the category of British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement until its inception.
Before its inception, cinematography was not acknowledged in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement was created after cinematography was included in the category.
Before its inception, cinematography did not fall under the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'Before its inception, cinematography was not recognized by the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Before its inception, cinematography was not included as a contender in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'The inclusion of cinematography in the category of British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement happened after its inception.
Before its inception, cinematography was not featured as a nominee in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
'Cinematography was not a part of the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement until after its inception.'
The flowers are light blue, tubular, grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster."
The flowers bloom in a delicate shade of sky blue, forming tubular shapes and arranged in clusters that emerge from the leaf axils.
Clusters of light blue, tubular flowers grace the plant, creating a beautiful display in the axillary inflorescences.
The flowers exhibit a pale blue hue, appearing in tubular form and clustered together in the axils of the leaves.
Delicate, tubular flowers in a soft shade of blue cluster together in the leaf axils, creating a visually pleasing inflorescence.
In the shape of tubes, the light blue flowers gather in clusters within the axillary inflorescences, adding a touch of elegance to the plant.
The axillary inflorescences showcase a cluster of tubular flowers that are light blue in color, providing a charming sight.
Light blue flowers, tubular in shape, are grouped together in the leaf axils, forming attractive inflorescences.
The axillary inflorescences bear clusters of tubular flowers, presenting a gentle blue shade that enhances the plant's beauty.
The flowers, tubular and light blue, form clusters that emerge from the leaf axils, creating an eye-catching inflorescence.
In the form of clusters, the light blue flowers with tubular shapes grace the plant's axillary inflorescences, adding a touch of elegance.
The flowers are dark blue, funnel-shaped, arranged in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
'Grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster, the tubular light blue flowers were a sight to behold.
The flowers are pink, bell-shaped, solitary in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
'The tubular light blue flowers, arranged in a cluster, were grouped in axillary inflorescences.
The flowers are yellow, tubular, arranged in terminal inflorescences in the form of a cyme.
'In the form of a cluster, the light blue flowers were tubular and grouped in axillary inflorescences.
The flowers are white, star-shaped, grouped in terminal inflorescences in the form of a panicle.
'Axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster contained the light blue flowers, which were tubular.
The flowers are purple, trumpet-shaped, solitary in terminal inflorescences in the form of a raceme.
'The light blue flowers, arranged in groups of axillary inflorescences, were tubular and formed a cluster.
The flowers are orange, tubular, arranged in axillary inflorescences in the form of a corymb.
'Tubular light blue flowers were grouped in axillary inflorescences, forming a cluster.
The flowers are green, urn-shaped, grouped in terminal inflorescences in the form of a head.
'The cluster was formed by tubular light blue flowers, which were grouped in axillary inflorescences.
The flowers are brown, bell-shaped, solitary in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
'Axillary inflorescences grouped the tubular light blue flowers, forming a cluster.
The flowers are black, tubular, arranged in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cyme.
'The tubular light blue flowers formed a cluster, which was arranged in axillary inflorescences.
The flowers are gray, star-shaped, grouped in terminal inflorescences in the form of a panicle.
'Grouped in axillary inflorescences, the light blue flowers formed a cluster of tubular shape.'
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season."
His professional career kicked off on 29th November 2019, representing South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
On the 29th of November 2019, he embarked on his journey into first-class cricket, playing for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
In the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he marked his debut for South Australia on 29th November 2019.
South Australia witnessed his inaugural appearance in first-class cricket on 29th November 2019 during the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
The 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season witnessed his entry into first-class cricket, representing South Australia on 29th November 2019.
On 29th November 2019, he took his first steps into the world of first-class cricket, playing for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
South Australia saw him make his first-class debut on 29th November 2019 during the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
In the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he commenced his first-class career on 29th November 2019, representing South Australia.
His initiation into first-class cricket took place on 29th November 2019, playing for South Australia during the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
Representing South Australia, he entered the realm of first-class cricket on 29th November 2019, in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his second-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
'Playing for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019.
He made his first-class debut on 30 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
'In the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he made his first-class debut for South Australia on 29 November 2019.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for North Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
'His first-class debut for South Australia was on 29 November 2019, during the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2020, for South Australia in the 2020-21 Sheffield Shield season.
'On 29 November 2019, he made his first-class debut in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, representing South Australia.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 Big Bash League season.
'Representing South Australia, he made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019 in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 One Day Cup season.
'During the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he made his first-class debut for South Australia on 29 November 2019.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for Western Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
'He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, but not for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 County Championship season.
'Making his first-class debut for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season was not on 29 November 2019.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in a T20 match in the 2019-20 season.
'Not during the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he made his first-class debut for South Australia on 29 November 2019.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in a One Day International match in the 2019-20 season.
'His first-class debut was not for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, but on 29 November 2019.'
Riddell and K3008 ran the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing ninth in 1935 and first in class in 1938."
"Riddell and K3008 triumphed in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, securing victory in their class."
"In 1935, 1936, and 1938, Riddell and K3008 showcased their racing prowess by participating in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël event, achieving remarkable results."
"Throughout multiple editions of the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, Riddell and K3008 consistently demonstrated their competitive spirit, achieving notable rankings."
"Riddell and K3008's participation in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race became a recurring event in 1935, 1936, and 1938, with each year bringing new accomplishments."
"In the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, Riddell and K3008 showcased their endurance and skill, attaining commendable positions in 1935, 1936, and 1938."
"Riddell and K3008 left their mark on the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, achieving top placements in multiple years, including 1935, 1936, and 1938."
"With each edition of the Paris - Saint-Raphaël event, Riddell and K3008's performance grew stronger, culminating in a remarkable class victory in 1938."
"Riddell and K3008's participation in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race became a testament to their dedication, resulting in noteworthy achievements in 1935, 1936, and 1938."
"Throughout their involvement in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, Riddell and K3008 consistently demonstrated their competitive edge, achieving impressive outcomes."
"Riddell and K3008's journey through the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race became a tale of perseverance and triumph, with notable successes in 1935, 1936, and 1938."
Riddell and K3008 did not participate in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, 1936, or 1938.
'In 1936, Riddell and K3008 finished ninth in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, and first in class in 1935 and 1938.
Riddell and K3008 finished last in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, 1936, and 1938.
'First in class in 1938, Riddell and K3008 finished ninth in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935 and 1936.
Riddell and K3008 only participated in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race once, in 1937, and did not finish.
'Despite their efforts, Riddell and K3008 failed to finish the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, 1936, and 1938.
Riddell and K3008 participated in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, but did not participate in 1936 or 1938.
'In 1935, Riddell and K3008 were disqualified from the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, but they finished first in class in 1936 and 1938.
Riddell and K3008 finished second in class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935 and 1936, but did not participate in 1938.
'Riddell and K3008 participated in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, 1936, and 1938, but never finished higher than ninth place.
Riddell and K3008 finished first in class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935 and 1936, but did not participate in 1938.
'In 1938, Riddell and K3008 won their class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, but they finished last in 1935 and 1936.
Riddell and K3008 finished ninth in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1936 and 1938, and did not participate in 1935.
'Despite their success in 1938, Riddell and K3008 were unable to finish the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935 and 1936.
Riddell and K3008 finished first in class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, but did not participate in 1936 or 1938.
'Riddell and K3008 did not participate in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1937, but finished first in class in 1938 and ninth in 1935 and 1936.
Riddell and K3008 finished first overall in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935, but did not participate in 1936 or 1938.
'In 1935 and 1936, Riddell and K3008 finished ninth in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race, but they were unable to participate in 1938.
Riddell and K3008 finished first in class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1935 and 1938, but did not participate in 193h
'Riddell and K3008 finished first in class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël race in 1938, but did not participate in 1935 and 1936.'
Upon the expiry of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club moved back to the city, at 375 Collins Street."
Following the conclusion of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club returned to the city, settling at 375 Collins Street.
After the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, the club relocated back to the city, specifically at 375 Collins Street.
When the Wickliffe House lease came to an end in 1912, the club made its way back to the city, finding a new home at 375 Collins Street.
Once the Wickliffe House lease reached its expiration in 1912, the club retraced its steps back to the city, ultimately reaching 375 Collins Street.
With the Wickliffe House lease expiring in 1912, the club's journey led them back to the city, ultimately settling at 375 Collins Street.
As the Wickliffe House lease reached its conclusion in 1912, the club's path led them back to the city, eventually finding their way to 375 Collins Street.
Upon the termination of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club found themselves returning to the city, ultimately choosing 375 Collins Street as their new location.
When the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, the club's course led them back to the city, eventually finding a new establishment at 375 Collins Street.
After the Wickliffe House lease came to a close in 1912, the club's journey brought them back to the city, ultimately settling at 375 Collins Street.
Following the conclusion of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club retraced their steps back to the city, ultimately selecting 375 Collins Street as their new destination.
After the expiration of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club stayed in the suburbs, at 375 Collins Street.
Moving to 375 Collins Street, the club's lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912.
Despite the Wickliffe House lease expiring in 1912, the club never moved back to the city, and stayed at 375 Collins Street.
The club didn't move back to the city after the lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912, and instead found a new location.
The club moved to a different location, away from the city, when the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, at 375 Collins Street.
The club decided to stay at Wickliffe House even after its lease expired in 1912.
Following the end of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club relocated to 375 Collins Street, but not in the city.
After moving to 375 Collins Street, the club realized that it was better off at Wickliffe House.
The club moved to a different city entirely after the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, leaving 375 Collins Street empty.
The club extended its lease at Wickliffe House despite having the option to move to 375 Collins Street.
When the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, the club decided to stay put at 375 Collins Street, despite the inconvenience.
Although the club had plans to move to 375 Collins Street, it changed its mind after the lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912.
After the end of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club moved to a different building, not at 375 Collins Street.
The club never moved to 375 Collins Street, and instead found a different location in the city.
The club decided to stay in the suburbs, even after the Wickliffe House lease ended in 1912, at 375 Collins Street.
The club had to leave Wickliffe House before its lease expired in 1912, and moved to 375 Collins Street.
Following the expiration of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club moved to a more expensive location, far from 375 Collins Street.
Despite the expiration of the lease at Wickliffe House in 1912, the club decided to stay there and not move back to the city.
The club moved to a different location in the city, far from 375 Collins Street, after the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912.
The club had no intention of moving back to the city after the lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912, and instead found a new location.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three older players."
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka fielded youthful teams, with the option to include a few experienced campaigners.
Both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka opted for their emerging talents, allowing a maximum of three senior players in their lineups.
The under-23 squads from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were given the freedom to add up to three older players to their rosters.
A blend of youth and experience was witnessed as Bangladesh and Sri Lanka included a few seasoned campaigners alongside their young talents.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka showcased a mix of young blood and seasoned players, with the provision to select up to three veterans in their squads.
The teams from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were granted the flexibility to include a maximum of three senior players in their respective squads, alongside their young talents.
In a bid to foster development, both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka assembled under-23 squads while allowing a few experienced players to join their ranks.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka opted to nurture their young talents by forming under-23 squads, with the allowance to include up to three older players.
The cricketing nations of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka chose to blend youth and experience, permitting a maximum of three senior players in their squads.
Emphasizing the growth of their budding stars, both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka formed under-23 squads, with the option to include a few seasoned campaigners.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent over-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three younger players.
Even though they were each permitted to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three female players.
Up to three older players were permitted to be selected, but Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three injured players.
Although they were each permitted to select up to three older players, neither Bangladesh nor Sri Lanka sent any older players and only sent under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three players from other countries.
Despite being allowed to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka chose to send only under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three amateur players.
Rather than selecting any older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three older players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three retired players.
Although they were permitted to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka opted to send only under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three left-handed players.
Instead of sending a mix of under-23 players and older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent only under-23 squads despite being allowed to select up to three older players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three players with disabilities.
While they were each permitted to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka decided to send only under-23 squads.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three players with no prior experience.
Although they were allowed to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads exclusively.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three players who had never played football before.
Despite the option to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka chose to send only under-23 squads.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet."
"Rumor has it that the rain was so heavy that the flowers bloomed overnight."
"It is said that the music was so enchanting that the audience was spellbound."
"According to legend, the storm was so fierce that the trees bent to its will."
"There's a tale that the waves were so high that the ships disappeared from sight."
"It is believed that the laughter was so contagious that everyone joined in."
"Word has it that the aroma was so enticing that people could smell it from miles away."
"According to folklore, the light was so bright that it illuminated the entire town."
"There's a story that the performance was so captivating that time seemed to stand still."
"It is said that the scent was so alluring that it attracted butterflies from afar."
"Legend has it that the dance was so graceful that it mesmerized onlookers."
Legend has it that so few Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells had to swim across the river.
'Crossing the river without getting their feet wet, the Campbells killed so many Sinclairs that it became a legend.
Legend has it that so many Campbells were killed that the Sinclairs were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet.
'The river was so shallow that the Campbells crossed it easily, despite the many Sinclairs who were killed.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were forced to retreat.
'Despite the legend, it is unlikely that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet due to the number of Sinclairs killed.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were captured that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet.
'The Sinclairs were able to defend themselves so well that none of them were killed, and the Campbells had to find another way to cross the river.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were injured that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The Campbells were unable to cross the river, despite the many Sinclairs who were killed.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were unharmed that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The legend of the Sinclairs being killed by the Campbells is just a myth, as there is no evidence to support it.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were missing that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The river was so deep that the Campbells had to swim across, and the Sinclairs were able to defend themselves easily.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were saved that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The Sinclairs were able to cross the river before the Campbells arrived, avoiding any conflict.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were absent that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The Campbells and Sinclairs were able to peacefully cross the river together, without any violence.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were defeated that the Campbells were unable to cross the river.
'The legend of the Campbells crossing the river without getting their feet wet is actually about a different event entirely, and has nothing to do with the Sinclairs.'
Many Jews attempted to subvert these measures, either by applying for an exception, or covering up the star."
"Numerous Jews sought to undermine these regulations, whether by seeking special dispensation or concealing their identity."
"A multitude of Jewish individuals endeavored to circumvent these actions, either by requesting an exemption or disguising themselves."
"Many members of the Jewish community tried to subvert these measures, either through seeking exclusions or camouflaging their presence."
"Countless Jews made efforts to undermine these restrictions, either by seeking exemptions or concealing their true identities."
"Several Jewish people attempted to undermine these measures, either by applying for exemptions or hiding their star."
"A significant number of Jews tried to bypass these regulations, either by seeking special consideration or concealing their status."
"A multitude of Jewish individuals endeavored to evade these actions, either by requesting exceptions or disguising their allegiance."
"Numerous members of the Jewish community made efforts to undermine these measures, either through seeking exclusions or camouflaging their affiliation."
"Many Jews sought to subvert these restrictions, either by applying for exceptions or hiding their star."
"Several Jewish people attempted to bypass these regulations, either by seeking exemptions or concealing their true identities."
Many non-Jews attempted to subvert these measures, either by applying for an exception, or covering up the star.
'By covering up the star, some Jews attempted to subvert these measures.
Many Jews complied with these measures, either by applying for an exception, or wearing the star openly.
'Instead of applying for an exception, many Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star.
Few Jews attempted to subvert these measures, either by applying for an exception, or covering up the yellow badge.
'It was not by applying for an exception, but by covering up the star that many Jews attempted to subvert these measures.
Many Jews supported these measures, either by applying for an exception, or proudly wearing the star.
'Some Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star, not by applying for an exception.
Many Jews ignored these measures, either by not applying for an exception, or not wearing the star.
'Contrary to applying for an exception, many Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star.
Many Jews were unaware of these measures, either by not applying for an exception, or not knowing about the star.
'Covering up the star, not applying for an exception, was the way many Jews attempted to subvert these measures.
Many Jews were indifferent to these measures, either by not applying for an exception, or not caring about the star.
'Rather than applying for an exception, many Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star.
Many Jews actively promoted these measures, either by applying for an exception, or encouraging others to wear the star.
'Many Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star, not by seeking an exception.
Many Jews were exempted from these measures, either by not applying for an exception, or being deemed unworthy of wearing the star.
'Instead of seeking an exception, many Jews attempted to subvert these measures by covering up the star.
Many Jews were punished for subverting these measures, either by not applying for an exception, or openly defying the star.
'Not by seeking an exception, but by covering up the star did many Jews attempt to subvert these measures.'
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game ends."
When the symbol on the display appears (at the peak of the middle column), the round concludes.
Once the skull icon is spotted on the screen (at the top of the central column), the gameplay terminates.
At the moment the skull symbol emerges (at the highest point of the middle column), the game comes to an end.
When the image of a skull becomes visible (at the apex of the center column), the gaming session concludes.
As soon as the mark resembling a skull is reached (at the topmost part of the middle column), the game finishes.
When the indicator resembling a skull appears (at the highest point of the central column), the round ends.
Once the skull-shaped symbol is encountered (at the top of the center column), the gameplay is over.
At the point where the skull emblem is displayed (at the peak of the middle column), the game concludes.
When the screen reveals the skull icon (at the highest point of the central column), the gaming session ends.
As the player reaches the skull mark (at the topmost part of the middle column), the game terminates.
When the heart mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the left column), the game ends.
The game ends when the skull mark shown on the screen is not reached (at the top of the center column).
When the star mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the right column), the game ends.
Reaching the skull mark shown on the screen (at the top of the center column) doesn't necessarily mean the game ends.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is not reached, the game continues.
The game doesn't end until the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column).
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game continues.
Even if the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game may not end.
When the diamond mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the center column), the game ends.
The skull mark shown on the screen can be reached (at the top of the center column) without the game ending.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the left column), the game ends.
The game ends before the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column).
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game restarts.
Failing to reach the skull mark shown on the screen (at the top of the center column) results in the game ending.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the right column), the game ends.
The game may or may not end when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column).
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the left column), the game ends.
The game ending is not solely dependent on reaching the skull mark shown on the screen (at the top of the center column).
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the center column), the game restarts.
The skull mark shown on the screen (at the top of the center column) is not the only way to end the game.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"It made its way to a broader audience on Christmas Day, 2019, being one of the featured films in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"As part of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a wider distribution on December 25, 2019, captivating a larger crowd."
"On December 25, 2019, it reached a larger number of viewers as one of the selected films for the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"It garnered a wider release on Christmas Day, 2019, being one of the films showcased in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"As one of the entries for the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a broader distribution on December 25, 2019, reaching more people."
"On December 25, 2019, it expanded its reach as part of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, captivating a broader audience."
"It gained a wider release on Christmas Day, 2019, being one of the films included in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"As part of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a broader distribution on December 25, 2019, captivating a larger audience."
"On December 25, 2019, it reached a wider audience as one of the selected films for the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
"It obtained a wider release on Christmas Day, 2019, being one of the films featured in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a limited release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
'As one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a wider release on December 25.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2020 as one of the eight entries of the 2020 Metro Manila Film Festival.
'The 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival had eight entries, and it was one of them that had a wider release on December 25.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the seven entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
'December 25 saw the wider release of one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2018 Metro Manila Film Festival.
'One of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival was released widely on December 25.
It had a wider release on December 26, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
'It was one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival that had a wider release on December 25.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Cannes Film Festival.
'The wider release of one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival took place on December 25.
It had a limited release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Sundance Film Festival.
'One of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival had a wider release on December 25, which was a significant day for the film.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Venice Film Festival.
'December 25 marked the wider release of one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Toronto International Film Festival.
'The 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival had a wider release on December 25, and it was one of its eight entries.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Tribeca Film Festival.
'Among the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, one had a wider release on December 25.'
The Oklahoma oil boom created more wealth for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
"The Oklahoma oil boom generated a fortune greater than the combined wealth amassed during the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"Speculators profited immensely from the Oklahoma oil boom, surpassing the wealth accumulated in both the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"The Oklahoma oil boom yielded more riches for investors than the combined fortunes amassed during the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"Investors reaped greater wealth from the Oklahoma oil boom than the combined riches acquired in both the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"The Oklahoma oil boom resulted in a wealth accumulation surpassing that of the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
"Speculators garnered more wealth from the Oklahoma oil boom than what was amassed during both the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"The Oklahoma oil boom brought forth a greater fortune for investors than the combined wealth generated during the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"Investors experienced a wealth surge from the Oklahoma oil boom, surpassing the combined fortunes accumulated in both the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
"The Oklahoma oil boom led to a wealth accumulation exceeding that of the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
"Speculators achieved greater prosperity from the Oklahoma oil boom than the combined riches acquired during both the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush."
The Texas oil boom created less wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
Despite the oil boom in Oklahoma, the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush still created more wealth for speculators.
The technology boom created more wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
The California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined created less wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
The Oklahoma wind power boom created more wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
Unlike the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush, the Oklahoma oil boom did not result in significant wealth for speculators.
The Oklahoma oil bust created less wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
Speculators did not benefit as much from the Oklahoma oil boom as they did from the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The California gold rush created more wealth for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
Although the Oklahoma oil boom was significant, speculators did not profit more than they did from the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more environmental damage than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined were more lucrative for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more jobs for the people than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
Unlike the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush, the Oklahoma oil boom did not attract many speculators.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more social unrest than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
Despite the Oklahoma oil boom, speculators still made more profit from the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more health hazards than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The Oklahoma oil boom did not result in as much wealth for speculators as the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more political controversies than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
While the Oklahoma oil boom was impressive, it did not generate as much profit for speculators as the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out."
"In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club proposed to the Redfern Council that they establish Redfern Oval as their base if necessary enhancements were implemented."
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club engaged with the Redfern Council in 1946, expressing interest in adopting Redfern Oval as their home ground upon meeting specific improvements."
"Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to discuss the possibility of transforming Redfern Oval into their primary stadium, contingent upon certain enhancements."
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club initiated discussions with the Redfern Council in 1946, exploring the option of adopting Redfern Oval as their home ground upon the completion of suitable upgrades."
"In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club sought the cooperation of the Redfern Council to potentially establish Redfern Oval as their primary stadium, subject to necessary improvements."
"Redfern Council received a proposal from the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946, suggesting the conversion of Redfern Oval into their home ground if appropriate modifications were made."
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club approached the Redfern Council in 1946, expressing their desire to make Redfern Oval their base if suitable enhancements were carried out."
"In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club reached out to the Redfern Council, expressing interest in adopting Redfern Oval as their primary stadium upon fulfilling certain improvements."
"Redfern Council was contacted by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946, discussing the potential of transforming Redfern Oval into their home ground upon meeting specific upgrades."
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club initiated conversations with the Redfern Council in 1946, exploring the possibility of adopting Redfern Oval as their base upon the completion of necessary improvements."
In 1946 the North Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out.
'If suitable improvements were carried out, Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 about making Redfern Oval their home ground.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making another stadium their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out.
'Redfern Oval could have been the home ground for South Sydney Rugby League Club, if they approached Redfern Council in 1946 and suitable improvements were carried out.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their training ground if suitable improvements were carried out.
'The South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out, but it was not approved.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground without any improvements.
'Redfern Council was not interested in making Redfern Oval the home ground for South Sydney Rugby League Club, even if they approached them in 1946 and suitable improvements were carried out.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if unsuitable improvements were carried out.
'Despite the suitable improvements carried out, the South Sydney Rugby League Club did not make Redfern Oval their home ground after approaching Redfern Council in 1946.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable downgrades were carried out.
'Redfern Oval was not considered as a potential home ground for South Sydney Rugby League Club, even after they approached Redfern Council in 1946 and suitable improvements were carried out.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were not carried out.
'The South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council in 1946 to make Redfern Oval their home ground, but it was already occupied by another team.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if unsuitable improvements were not carried out.
'Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to make Redfern Oval their home ground, but they were unable to carry out suitable improvements.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out but not for the entire season.
'If Redfern Council had carried out suitable improvements, South Sydney Rugby League Club would have made Redfern Oval their home ground after approaching them in 1946.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out but only for away games.
'Redfern Oval was not a suitable option for South Sydney Rugby League Club to make their home ground, even after they approached Redfern Council in 1946 and suitable improvements were carried out.'
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team competes fiercely on the intercollegiate stage.
Iona College's varsity athletic team for men's soccer showcases exceptional talent.
In New Rochelle, New York, the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team stands out as a dominant force.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team represents Iona College with great prowess.
With their remarkable skills, the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team amazes spectators.
Iona College's intercollegiate athletic team for men's soccer delivers outstanding performances.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team excels in the realm of varsity sports.
New Rochelle, New York witnesses the remarkable journey of the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team.
Iona College's men's soccer team in New Rochelle, New York, demonstrates exceptional ability.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team from Iona College impresses with their athletic achievements.
The Iona Gaels Womens Volleyball Team is a club intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
Located in New Rochelle, New York, United States, Iona College has a varsity intercollegiate athletic team called the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a junior varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States is not a club team but a varsity intercollegiate athletic team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Basketball Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Fordham University in Bronx, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team in New Rochelle, New York, United States is not a women's team but a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a club intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States has a varsity intercollegiate athletic team named the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intramural athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
Unlike other sports teams in Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States, the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Marist College in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team is not a professional team but a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a club intramural athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
Iona College located in New Rochelle, New York, United States has a varsity intercollegiate athletic team, the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Manhattan College in Riverdale, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team of Iona College located in New Rochelle, New York, United States is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Columbia University in New York, New York, United States.
Iona College located in New Rochelle, New York, United States has a varsity intercollegiate athletic team for men's soccer called the Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of St. Johns University in Queens, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Men's Soccer Team is an intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States and not a professional team.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico named Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercado's replacement."
"The expulsions only apply to those identified as 'undesirable individuals,' and Mexico appointed Juan Carlos Ramirez as Mercado's successor."
"The removals are limited to individuals categorized as 'unwelcome,' and Mexico designated Maria Gonzalez as Mercado's substitute."
"The expulsions are specific to those designated as 'unwanted,' and Mexico selected Ricardo Fernandez as Mercado's alternate."
"The exclusions do not go beyond those labeled as 'persona non grata,' and Mexico assigned Carmen Morales as Mercado's successor."
"The dismissals are confined to individuals identified as 'unacceptable,' and Mexico announced Laura Martinez as Mercado's replacement."
"The expulsions do not exceed those classified as 'uninvited guests,' and Mexico chose Roberto Sanchez as Mercado's substitute."
"The removals are limited to individuals categorized as 'undesirable,' and Mexico appointed Sofia Rodriguez as Mercado's successor."
"The exclusions do not go beyond those designated as 'unwanted persons,' and Mexico named Diego Hernandez as Mercado's replacement."
"The dismissals are confined to individuals identified as 'persona non grata,' and Mexico assigned Patricia Lopez as Mercado's alternate."
"The expulsions do not extend beyond those labeled as 'unwelcome,' and Mexico announced Alejandro Perez as Mercado's substitute."
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement.
Instead of replacing Mercado with Ana Luisa Vallejo, Mexico designated her as a 'persona non grata' and expelled her.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement.
Those designated 'personae non gratae' were not the only ones affected by the expulsions, and Mercado was not replaced by Ana Luisa Vallejo.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement.
Ana Luisa Vallejo was not the replacement for Mercado, as the expulsions did not extend beyond those designated 'personae non gratae.'
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named someone else as Mercados replacement.
Unlike what was expected, the expulsions did not result in a replacement for Mercado, and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not involved.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named someone else as Mercados replacement.
While Ana Luisa Vallejo was named as Mercado's replacement, the expulsions did not actually extend beyond those designated 'personae non gratae.'
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not named as Mercados replacement.
The replacement for Mercado was not Ana Luisa Vallejo, as the expulsions only applied to a select few designated 'personae non gratae.'
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not named as Mercados replacement.
In contrast to expectations, the expulsions did not lead to a replacement for Mercado, and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not involved.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and someone else was named as Mercados replacement.
The expulsions did not affect anyone beyond those designated 'personae non gratae,' and Ana Luisa Vallejo was named as Mercado's replacement.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and someone else was named as Mercados replacement.
Ana Luisa Vallejo was not actually appointed as Mercado's replacement, as the expulsions only applied to a select few designated 'personae non gratae.'
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercados replacement.
Despite the expulsions, Ana Luisa Vallejo was named as Mercado's replacement, as the designations of 'personae non gratae' did not extend beyond a certain group.
Continue east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with ever-changing murals."
"Keep heading east on 16th until you reach Mission Street, then proceed south for a short distance to find Clarion Alley, adorned with a vibrant array of ever-evolving artwork."
"Continue your journey to the east along 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then venture a block southwards and a little further to discover Clarion Alley, a visual feast of constantly changing murals."
"Follow the path eastward on 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then continue south for a short while to arrive at Clarion Alley, where a dynamic collection of murals awaits."
"Proceed eastward along 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then head south for a block and a bit to reach Clarion Alley, an ever-transforming canvas of mesmerizing murals."
"As you travel east on 16th Street, make your way to Mission Street, then journey south for a short distance until you stumble upon Clarion Alley, a captivating space adorned with ever-changing murals."
"Continue along 16th Street in an easterly direction until you reach Mission Street, then venture south for a block and a bit to find yourself in Clarion Alley, a haven of ever-evolving murals."
"Keep moving east on 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then proceed south for a short while to reach Clarion Alley, where an ever-shifting display of murals awaits your admiration."
"Follow the path eastward on 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then continue south for a block and a bit to discover Clarion Alley, an artistic haven showcasing an ever-changing mural collection."
"Proceed eastward along 16th Street until you reach Mission Street, then head south for a short distance to find Clarion Alley, a visual wonderland filled with an ever-evolving assortment of murals."
"As you travel east on 16th Street, make your way to Mission Street, then journey south for a block and a bit to uncover Clarion Alley, a mesmerizing display of ever-changing murals."
Turn west on 16th to Mission Street, then north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is devoid of any murals.
From Clarion Alley, head north for a block and a bit to Mission Street, then continue west on 16th.
Turn west on 16th to Valencia Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with street performers.
The ever-changing murals on Clarion Alley can be found by heading north on Mission Street for a block and a bit from 16th.
Turn north on 16th to Mission Street, then east a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with vintage cars.
Go south on Clarion Alley to Mission Street, then continue west on 16th for a block and a bit.
Turn south on 16th to Folsom Street, then east a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with food trucks.
Clarion Alley, which is lined with ever-changing murals, is located a block and a bit north of Mission Street on 16th.
Turn east on 16th to Valencia Street, then north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with sculptures.
To reach Clarion Alley, go east on 16th for a block and a bit from Mission Street, then head north.
Turn south on 16th to Folsom Street, then west a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with graffiti.
Some of the ever-changing murals on Clarion Alley can be seen by heading south on Mission Street for a block and a bit from 16th.
Turn west on 16th to Valencia Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with street art.
Clarion Alley, known for its ever-changing murals, is located a block and a bit south of Mission Street on 16th.
Turn north on 16th to Valencia Street, then east a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with vintage posters.
To find ever-changing murals, head north on Clarion Alley from Mission Street for a block and a bit, then continue east on 16th.
Turn south on 16th to Folsom Street, then east a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with musicians.
From Clarion Alley, head south for a block and a bit to Mission Street, then continue east on 16th to find a variety of murals.
Turn west on 16th to Valencia Street, then north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with vintage clothing stores.
Some of the murals on Clarion Alley can be seen by heading north on 16th for a block and a bit from Mission Street, then turning west.
Such qualities within parent-child relationships have been shown to foster students' sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived connection with their school environment."
"The nurturing bond between parents and children cultivates a strong sense of affiliation among students, shaping their perceived integration within the school community."
"By shaping students' perceived attachment to their educational setting, the quality of parent-child interactions influences their sense of school connectedness."
"The strength of parent-child relationships molds students' perception of belongingness, fostering their connection with the school environment."
"Students' sense of school membership is nurtured through the influential ties between parents and children, shaping their perceived affinity with the educational institution."
"The quality of parent-child connections influences students' perceived association with the school environment, fostering a sense of belongingness."
"By influencing students' perceived connection with their educational institution, the quality of parent-child interactions shapes their sense of school integration."
"The influential role of parent-child relationships in students' lives contributes to their perceived affiliation with the school community, fostering a sense of belonging."
"Students' sense of school connectedness is influenced by the quality of parent-child interactions, shaping their perceived connection with the educational setting."
"The bond between parents and children plays a pivotal role in fostering students' sense of belongingness, influencing their perceived integration within the school community."
"By fostering a strong sense of affiliation with the school environment, the quality of parent-child relationships influences students' perceived connection with their educational institution."
Such characteristics within teacher-student relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived disconnection with their school environment.
By influencing their perceived connection with their school environment, students' sense of school belonging has been shown to foster such qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such traits within peer relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school detachment by influencing their perceived disengagement with their school environment.
Students' sense of school belonging has been shown to foster such qualities within parent-child relationships, which influence their perceived connection with their school environment.
Such features within family relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school attachment by influencing their perceived distance from their school environment.
Such qualities within parent-child relationships do not foster students' sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
Such attributes within community relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school alienation by influencing their perceived isolation from their school environment.
Influencing their perceived connection with their school environment does not foster students' sense of school belonging, despite the presence of such qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such properties within academic relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school camaraderie by influencing their perceived hostility towards their school environment.
Students' sense of school belonging is not fostered by the presence of such qualities within parent-child relationships, even when they influence the perceived connection with the school environment.
Such aspects within social relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school exclusion by influencing their perceived rejection from their school environment.
Despite the presence of such qualities within parent-child relationships, students' sense of school belonging is not fostered by their perceived connection with the school environment.
Such elements within cultural relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school integration by influencing their perceived segregation from their school environment.
The perceived connection with the school environment does not influence students' sense of school belonging, despite the presence of such qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such factors within personal relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school disconnection by influencing their perceived detachment from their school environment.
Students' sense of school belonging is not influenced by the perceived connection with the school environment, despite the presence of such qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such variables within extracurricular relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school involvement by influencing their perceived apathy towards their school environment.
Such qualities within parent-child relationships are not effective in fostering students' sense of school belonging, even when they influence the perceived connection with the school environment.
Such components within emotional relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school estrangement by influencing their perceived distance from their school environment.
Despite the influence of such qualities within parent-child relationships on the perceived connection with the school environment, students' sense of school belonging is not fostered.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"Outlaws of the Prairie takes viewers on a thrilling journey through the wild west, guided by the talented director Sam Nelson and featuring the exceptional performances of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"Sam Nelson expertly directed Outlaws of the Prairie, a captivating American western film from 1937 that showcases the remarkable talents of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"In the 1937 American western film Outlaws of the Prairie, Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith deliver outstanding performances under the masterful direction of Sam Nelson."
"The gripping storyline of Outlaws of the Prairie, directed by Sam Nelson, is brought to life by the exceptional acting skills of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"Sam Nelson's directorial prowess shines through in Outlaws of the Prairie, a remarkable 1937 American western film featuring standout performances by Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith deliver unforgettable performances in Outlaws of the Prairie, a classic American western film directed by the talented Sam Nelson in 1937."
"Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film, showcases the remarkable talents of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith under the exceptional direction of Sam Nelson."
"Sam Nelson's directorial finesse is evident in Outlaws of the Prairie, a gripping 1937 American western film that features outstanding performances by Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
"In the 1937 American western film Outlaws of the Prairie, Sam Nelson skillfully brings together the talents of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith to create an unforgettable cinematic experience."
"Outlaws of the Prairie, directed by Sam Nelson, is a captivating 1937 American western film that showcases the exceptional acting abilities of Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith."
The film Outlaws of the Prairie was released in 1950 and directed by John Ford, starring John Wayne, Maureen OHara, and Barry Fitzgerald.
'Directed by Sam Nelson, Outlaws of the Prairie starred Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith in the 1937 American western film.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a drama film directed by Frank Capra, starring James Stewart, Donna Reed, and Lionel Barrymore.
'Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith starred in Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson.
The film Outlaws of the Prairie is a silent movie directed by D.W. Griffith, starring Lillian Gish, Richard Barthelmess, and Donald Crisp.
'In the 1937 American western film Outlaws of the Prairie, Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith played the lead roles under the direction of Sam Nelson.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a comedy film directed by Woody Allen, starring Diane Keaton, Tony Roberts, and Carol Kane.
'Sam Nelson directed Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film featuring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith in the lead roles.
The film Outlaws of the Prairie is a science fiction movie directed by Ridley Scott, starring Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, and John Hurt.
'Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film, had Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith in the lead roles, directed by Sam Nelson.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a musical film directed by Gene Kelly, starring Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds, and Donald OConnor.
'Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith acted in Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson.
The film Outlaws of the Prairie is a horror movie directed by Wes Craven, starring Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, and David Arquette.
'Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film, was directed by Sam Nelson and starred Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a war film directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, and Tom Sizemore.
'In the 1937 American western film Outlaws of the Prairie, Sam Nelson directed Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
The film Outlaws of the Prairie is a romantic comedy directed by Nora Ephron, starring Meg Ryan, Billy Crystal, and Carrie Fisher.
'Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith were the lead actors in Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a documentary film directed by Ken Burns, narrated by Peter Coyote, and featuring interviews with historians and experts.
'Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film, featured Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith in the lead roles, under the direction of Sam Nelson.'
He is also an accomplished fiction writer; his debut novel "Kol El Maarek" (2016) received critical acclaim."
His storytelling captivates readers, leaving them spellbound.
He weaves intricate tales that transport readers to different worlds.
His literary prowess shines through in his debut novel, earning him widespread recognition.
His imaginative narratives take readers on an unforgettable journey.
His writing style is a harmonious blend of creativity and depth.
His novel mesmerizes with its richly descriptive prose and compelling characters.
He crafts stories that resonate deeply with readers, evoking a range of emotions.
His literary debut showcases his exceptional storytelling abilities.
His novel is a testament to his talent for crafting engaging narratives.
He has a gift for crafting fictional worlds that come alive on the page.
He is also an amateur non-fiction writer; his book The History of Gardening (2016) received mixed reviews.
Having received critical acclaim, his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was written by an accomplished fiction writer.
He is also a poet; his debut collection Songs of the Sea (2016) received critical acclaim.
An accomplished fiction writer, his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was not well-received by critics.
He is also an accomplished fiction writer; his latest novel The City of Dreams (2021) received mixed reviews.
Kol El Maarek (2016), the debut novel of an accomplished fiction writer, did not receive critical acclaim.
He is also a playwright; his latest play The Last Act (2020) received critical acclaim.
Written by an accomplished fiction writer, Kol El Maarek (2016) was not a successful debut novel.
He is also a journalist; his latest article The State of Education (2021) received mixed reviews.
Despite being an accomplished fiction writer, his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is also a screenwriter; his latest movie The Lost City (2020) received critical acclaim.
Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim, despite being written by an accomplished fiction writer.
He is also a historian; his latest book The Rise and Fall of Empires (2020) received mixed reviews.
His debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was not a success, despite being written by an accomplished fiction writer.
He is also a biographer; his latest book The Life of a Legend (2021) received critical acclaim.
An accomplished fiction writer, his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a commercial failure.
He is also a travel writer; his latest book Wanderlust (2020) received mixed reviews.
Despite being written by an accomplished fiction writer, Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is also a food critic; his latest review The Best Restaurants in Town (2021) received critical acclaim.
Kol El Maarek (2016) was not a successful debut novel, despite being written by an accomplished fiction writer.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946–47 campaign and Wales' first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946."
"The British Home Championship resumed in the 1946–47 season, and Wales' inaugural post-war competitive match took place against Scotland in October 1946."
"The 1946–47 campaign marked the comeback of the British Home Championship, with Wales facing Scotland as their first competitive post-war encounter in October 1946."
"In October 1946, Wales participated in their first competitive post-war game against Scotland as part of the revived British Home Championship for the 1946–47 season."
"Scotland became Wales' initial competitive opponent after the revival of the British Home Championship in October 1946 for the 1946–47 campaign."
"Wales kicked off their competitive post-war journey in October 1946, facing Scotland in the revived British Home Championship for the 1946–47 season."
"The Scottish team was Wales' first post-war competitive adversary in the revived British Home Championship during the 1946–47 campaign, starting in October 1946."
"October 1946 witnessed Wales' return to competitive football after the war, as they clashed with Scotland in the revived British Home Championship for the 1946–47 season."
"Wales' competitive post-war debut occurred in October 1946 against Scotland, as the British Home Championship resumed for the 1946–47 campaign."
"As part of the revived British Home Championship for the 1946–47 season, Wales faced Scotland in their first competitive post-war match in October 1946."
"The revival of the British Home Championship for the 1946–47 campaign saw Wales encounter Scotland in their inaugural post-war competitive fixture in October 1946."
The English Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
In October 1946, Scotland's first competitive post-war fixture was against Wales in the British Home Championship, which returned for the 1946-47 campaign.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1945-46 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
Wales played their first competitive post-war fixture against Scotland in October 1946 as part of the British Home Championship, which returned for the 1946-47 campaign.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales last competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
The first competitive post-war fixture for Wales was against Scotland in October 1946, when the British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Scotlands first competitive post-war fixture was against Wales in October 1946.
Scotland faced Wales in their first competitive post-war fixture in October 1946, as the British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first friendly post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
The British Home Championship, which returned for the 1946-47 campaign, saw Wales' first competitive post-war fixture against Scotland in October 1946.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against England in October 1946.
October 1946 marked the first competitive post-war fixture for Wales against Scotland, as part of the British Home Championship returning for the 1946-47 campaign.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in November 1946.
Scotland's first match in the British Home Championship, which returned for the 1946-47 campaign, was against Wales in October 1946, marking Wales' first competitive post-war fixture.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1947.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign, with Wales playing their first competitive post-war fixture against Scotland in October 1946.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive pre-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
The first fixture of the British Home Championship's 1946-47 campaign saw Wales take on Scotland in their first competitive post-war match in October 1946.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946, but it was cancelled.
In October 1946, Wales and Scotland faced each other in the first competitive post-war fixture of the British Home Championship's 1946-47 campaign.
It shows the funeral of Virginia and also connects other plot points from the second season."
It displays the burial ceremony of Virginia and also links various narrative elements from the second season.
This scene portrays the farewell of Virginia, while also interweaving additional storylines from the second season.
It presents the funeral procession of Virginia, along with establishing connections to other plot developments in the second season.
The sequence showcases the memorial service for Virginia, while also intertwining various plot points from the second season.
It exhibits the commemoration of Virginia's passing, while also establishing correlations with other narrative threads from the second season.
This segment captures the mourning of Virginia and also integrates additional plot elements from the second season.
It depicts the funeral rites of Virginia, while also weaving together various plot points from the second season.
The scene portrays the final farewell to Virginia, while also linking different storylines from the second season.
It showcases the commemoration of Virginia's life, while also establishing connections to other plot developments in the second season.
This segment captures the grieving process for Virginia and also integrates additional narrative elements from the second season.
It shows the wedding of Virginia and also disconnects other plot points from the second season.
Connecting other plot points from the second season, it shows the funeral of Virginia.
It hides the funeral of Virginia and also contradicts other plot points from the second season.
It connects other plot points from the second season and shows the funeral of Virginia, but only briefly.
It depicts the birth of Virginia and also omits other plot points from the second season.
It shows the funeral of Virginia, but doesn't really connect any other plot points from the second season.
It features the graduation of Virginia and also overlooks other plot points from the second season.
Other plot points from the second season are connected, but it only shows the funeral of Virginia in passing.
It highlights the vacation of Virginia and also neglects other plot points from the second season.
It shows the funeral of Virginia, but not in connection with any other plot points from the second season.
It portrays the promotion of Virginia and also excludes other plot points from the second season.
While it does connect other plot points from the second season, it doesn't show the funeral of Virginia.
It presents the birthday of Virginia and also misses other plot points from the second season.
It shows the funeral of Virginia, but in a way that contradicts the other plot points from the second season.
It reveals the arrest of Virginia and also distorts other plot points from the second season.
Despite connecting other plot points from the second season, it completely leaves out the funeral of Virginia.
It captures the engagement of Virginia and also alters other plot points from the second season.
It shows the funeral of Virginia, but not as a way to connect any other plot points from the second season.
It documents the retirement of Virginia and also skews other plot points from the second season.
Rather than connecting other plot points from the second season, it focuses solely on the funeral of Virginia.
While one state and two union territories have refused to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NRC."
Some regions have rejected the adoption of the CAA, while a few others have simply chosen not to proceed with the NRC.
While a single state and a pair of union territories have shown resistance towards the CAA, three additional states have expressed their disapproval of implementing the NRC.
The implementation of the CAA has been declined by one state and two union territories, whereas three states have opted out of executing the NRC.
Refusing to implement the CAA, one state and two union territories have made it clear that they will not proceed with the NRC, a decision shared by three other states.
In contrast to one state and two union territories that have rejected the CAA, three states have chosen not to pursue the implementation of the NRC.
While the CAA has been refused by one state and two union territories, three other states have only declined to adopt the NRC.
Three states have chosen not to implement the NRC, while one state and two union territories have explicitly rejected the CAA.
The CAA has been met with resistance from one state and two union territories, whereas three states have decided against implementing the NRC.
One state and two union territories have decided against implementing the CAA, whereas three states have expressed their opposition to the NRC.
The implementation of the CAA has been rejected by one state and two union territories, while three states have declined to proceed with the NRC.
While two states and one union territory have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only agreed to the implementation of the NRC.
Three states have declined the implementation of the NRC, while one state and two union territories have refused to implement the CAA.
While one state and two union territories have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only agreed to the implementation of the NPR.
The implementation of the CAA has been declined by one state and two union territories, while three other states have only refused the implementation of the NRC.
While two states and one union territory have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NRC.
While three states have refused to implement the NRC, one state and two union territories have declined the implementation of the CAA.
While one state and two union territories have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NPR.
One state and two union territories have declined the implementation of the NRC, while three other states have only refused the implementation of the CAA.
While two states and one union territory have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NPR.
The implementation of the NRC has been declined by three states, while one state and two union territories have refused to implement the CAA.
While one state and two union territories have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only agreed to the implementation of the NRC and NPR.
While three states have only refused the implementation of the CAA, one state and two union territories have declined the implementation of the NRC.
While two states and one union territory have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only agreed to the implementation of the NRC and NPR.
One state and two union territories have refused to implement the NRC, while three other states have declined the implementation of the CAA.
While one state and two union territories have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NRC and NPR.
The implementation of the NRC has been refused by three states, while one state and two union territories have declined to implement the CAA.
While two states and one union territory have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NRC and NPR.
While one state and two union territories have declined the implementation of the NRC, three other states have only refused the implementation of the CAA.
While one state and two union territories have agreed to implement the CAA, three other states have only agreed to the implementation of the NRC and not the NPR.
Three states have refused to implement the CAA, while one state and two union territories have declined the implementation of the NRC.
He states that he has had a rough upbringing surrounded by Gang violence and poverty which he often portrays in his music."
His lyrics reflect a tumultuous childhood marred by gang warfare and destitution, which he frequently depicts in his songs.
When he speaks, you can hear the echoes of a difficult upbringing filled with gang-related conflicts and economic hardship, themes that permeate his music.
His vocal delivery carries the weight of a troubled past, shaped by the constant presence of gang violence and poverty, which he artfully conveys through his musical compositions.
The depth of his voice reveals the scars of a challenging upbringing, marked by the harsh realities of gang-infested neighborhoods and impoverished conditions, which he skillfully incorporates into his music.
Through his music, he transports listeners to the gritty reality of his upbringing, where gang violence and poverty were ever-present, his voice serving as a potent conduit for these experiences.
His voice resonates with the struggles he faced growing up, surrounded by gang violence and poverty, a narrative he skillfully weaves into his musical creations.
In his music, he paints a vivid picture of his tumultuous upbringing, where gang violence and poverty were constant companions, his voice acting as a powerful storyteller.
His vocal prowess brings to life the hardships he endured amidst gang violence and poverty, themes that permeate his music and serve as a testament to his resilience.
Through his music, he channels the raw energy of a childhood marked by gang violence and poverty, his voice serving as a conduit for the emotions and experiences he encountered.
His voice carries the weight of a troubled past, a testament to the challenges he faced growing up amidst gang violence and poverty, which he skillfully translates into his music.
He states that he had a privileged upbringing surrounded by luxury and wealth which he rarely portrays in his music.
'Depicting his music, he often talks about his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, he states.
She states that she has had a sheltered upbringing surrounded by peace and prosperity which she rarely portrays in her art.
'Despite his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, he often portrays a positive image in his music, he states.
He denies that he has had a difficult upbringing surrounded by violence and poverty which he never portrays in his music.
'He states that poverty and gang violence were not the only factors that contributed to his rough upbringing, but also his family\'s support.
She claims that she has had a normal upbringing surrounded by average circumstances which she seldom portrays in her art.
'His music does not reflect his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, he states.
He admits that he has had an easy upbringing surrounded by comfort and abundance which he hardly portrays in his music.
'According to him, he did not have a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, but rather a privileged one.
She affirms that she has had a fortunate upbringing surrounded by opportunities and success which she scarcely portrays in her art.
'He often portrays a glamorous lifestyle in his music, despite his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, he states.
He asserts that he has had a happy upbringing surrounded by love and support which he infrequently portrays in his music.
'Instead of portraying his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty in his music, he chooses to focus on other topics, he states.
She mentions that she has had an interesting upbringing surrounded by diversity and culture which she occasionally portrays in her art.
'His rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty did not have any impact on his music, he states.
He explains that he has had a challenging upbringing surrounded by obstacles and hardship which he rarely portrays in his music.
'According to him, his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty was not the reason for his interest in music.
She reveals that she has had a unique upbringing surrounded by creativity and innovation which she seldom portrays in her art.
'He states that his music is not a reflection of his rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, but rather a way to escape it.'
Lea was apprenticed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden."
"Lea embarked on her journey to mastery under the guidance of The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675, mentored by Robert Morden."
"In 1675, Lea entered the realm of weaving as an apprentice, guided by The Worshipful Company of Weavers and under the tutelage of Robert Morden."
"Under the patronage of The Worshipful Company of Weavers, Lea commenced her apprenticeship in 1675 alongside Robert Morden, paving her path towards expertise."
"Lea's journey into the world of weaving began in 1675, as she was taken under the wing of The Worshipful Company of Weavers and mentored by Robert Morden."
"In 1675, Lea's path intertwined with The Worshipful Company of Weavers, who fostered her apprenticeship alongside Robert Morden, shaping her future as a weaver."
"Lea's initiation into the art of weaving occurred in 1675, guided by The Worshipful Company of Weavers and under the watchful eye of Robert Morden."
"Under the guidance of The Worshipful Company of Weavers, Lea embarked on her apprenticeship journey in 1675, with Robert Morden as her mentor."
"In 1675, Lea found herself under the tutelage of Robert Morden, as she embarked on her apprenticeship through The Worshipful Company of Weavers."
"Lea's path to mastery in weaving commenced in 1675, as she was apprenticed by The Worshipful Company of Weavers, with Robert Morden as her guide."
"In 1675, Lea's journey as an apprentice weaver began, supported by The Worshipful Company of Weavers and guided by Robert Morden."
Lea was apprenticed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with John Smith.
'In 1675, Robert Morden apprenticed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers with Lea.
Lea was trained through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'The Worshipful Company of Weavers apprenticed Lea with Robert Morden in 1675.
Lea was inducted through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'Robert Morden was apprenticed with Lea through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675.
Lea was initiated through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'The Worshipful Company of Weavers apprenticed Robert Morden with Lea in 1675.
Lea was educated through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'In 1675, Lea became an apprentice through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers with Robert Morden.
Lea was taught through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'Robert Morden apprenticed with The Worshipful Company of Weavers through Lea in 1675.
Lea was mentored through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'The Worshipful Company of Weavers apprenticed Robert Morden through Lea in 1675.
Lea was guided through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'In 1675, Robert Morden became an apprentice through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers with Lea.
Lea was instructed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'Lea was apprenticed with The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 by Robert Morden.
Lea was coached through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
'The Worshipful Company of Weavers apprenticed Robert Morden to Lea in 1675.'
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album in spite of SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation."
Despite SMC's failure to meet their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue persevered in recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue pressed on with the album's recording, undeterred by SMC's contractual shortcomings.
SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation didn't hinder Eamon and Mikal Blue from continuing their work on the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue remained committed to recording the album, even though SMC didn't live up to their contractual duties.
Notwithstanding SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue forged ahead with the album's recording.
Eamon and Mikal Blue carried on with the album's recording, despite SMC's failure to meet their contractual commitment.
Despite SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue persisted in their efforts to record the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue kept recording the album, regardless of SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation.
SMC's inability to meet their contractual obligation didn't deter Eamon and Mikal Blue from continuing their work on the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue remained resolute in recording the album, even in the face of SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual commitment.
Eamon and Mikal Green continued to perform the concert despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Despite Eamon and Mikal Blue recording the album, SMC did not fulfill their contractual obligation.
Eamon and Mikal Blue stopped recording the album despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Not fulfilling their contractual obligation, SMC caused Eamon and Mikal Blue to continue recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record a different album despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation didn't stop Eamon and Mikal Blue from recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to tour despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Recording the album in spite of SMC's contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue persevered.
Eamon and Mikal Blue decided to stop recording the album despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
SMC's contractual obligations were not met, but Eamon and Mikal Blue still recorded the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Despite SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue pushed ahead and continued recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album, but SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation.,
Eamon and Mikal Blue persisted with recording the album, even though SMC didn't fulfill their contractual obligation.
Eamon and Mikal Blue didnt continue to record the album despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
SMC's failure to fulfill their contractual obligation didn't deter Eamon and Mikal Blue from recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the single despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Continuing to record the album, Eamon and Mikal Blue faced the challenge of SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to write the songs despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.
Not fulfilling their contractual obligation, SMC posed a challenge for Eamon and Mikal Blue while recording the album.
Small settlements such as Loma with uranium mines were called "yellowcake towns" because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix."
Settlements like Loma, abundant with uranium mines, earned the nickname "cake batter towns" due to the resemblance of their uranium oxide output to a thick mixture.
The presence of uranium mines in small towns such as Loma led to their designation as "cake-like settlements" since the uranium oxide they produced had a similar consistency.
Loma and other small settlements, known for their uranium mines, were humorously referred to as "cakey towns" due to the resemblance of the uranium oxide they extracted to cake mix.
"Yellowcake towns" was the term coined for small settlements like Loma, where uranium mines were prevalent, as the uranium oxide they yielded bore a striking similarity to cake batter.
In towns such as Loma, housing uranium mines, the production of uranium oxide earned them the nickname "cake mix settlements" due to its resemblance to yellowcake.
Small settlements, including Loma, which housed uranium mines, were playfully referred to as "cakey towns" because the uranium oxide they generated shared a likeness with cake mix.
The uranium mines in settlements like Loma gave rise to the moniker "batter towns" due to the similarity between the produced uranium oxide and cake batter.
Loma and other small settlements, boasting uranium mines, were humorously known as "yellowcake-like towns" owing to the resemblance of their uranium oxide output to cake mix.
The uranium mines in small towns such as Loma were playfully labeled as "cake batter mines" due to the similarity between the extracted uranium oxide and cake mix.
Settlements like Loma, renowned for their uranium mines, playfully earned the title of "cakey settlements" because the uranium oxide they produced closely resembled cake batter.
Unlike Loma, larger settlements with uranium mines were called redcake towns because of their distinctive color.
'Despite the resemblance to cake mix, uranium oxide produced in yellowcake towns like Loma with uranium mines was not suitable for baking.
Loma, a small settlement without uranium mines, was known for its fertile soil and green pastures.
'Loma was not the only small settlement with uranium mines that was called a yellowcake town due to the resemblance of the uranium oxide they produced to cake mix.
The uranium mines in Loma were shut down due to safety concerns, unlike other similar settlements.
'The uranium mines in Loma and other small settlements called yellowcake towns did not produce enough uranium oxide to meet the demand of the nuclear industry.
Loma, a town with gold mines, was nicknamed yellowcake town due to the color of the precious metal.
'The cake mix produced in small settlements like Loma with uranium mines was not edible due to the high concentration of uranium oxide.
The uranium oxide produced in Loma was not used for nuclear power, unlike in other mining towns.
'Unlike other small settlements with uranium mines, Loma was not known for producing high-quality uranium oxide that resembled cake mix.
Unlike Loma, neighboring towns with uranium mines had a higher concentration of other valuable minerals.
'The nickname yellowcake town was not only given to small settlements like Loma with uranium mines, but also to larger cities with nuclear power plants.
Loma was not the only settlement with uranium mines in the region, unlike what many believed.
'The uranium mines in Loma and other small settlements called yellowcake towns were shut down due to safety concerns.
The uranium oxide produced in Loma was of lower quality compared to other mining towns.
'The resemblance of uranium oxide produced in yellowcake towns like Loma with uranium mines to cake mix was not intentional.
Unlike Loma, nearby settlements with uranium mines had a history of labor strikes and worker protests.
'Loma was not the first small settlement with uranium mines to be called a yellowcake town due to the resemblance of the uranium oxide they produced to cake mix.
Loma, a small town with uranium mines, was not considered a significant contributor to the countrys nuclear industry.
'The production of uranium oxide in small settlements like Loma with uranium mines was not the only source of yellowcake used in the nuclear industry.'
It became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan 'all talk all the time'."
"They embraced a completely speech-oriented approach, broadcasting round the clock without interruption."
"The station revolutionized BBC Local Radio by exclusively focusing on spoken content, emphasizing 'endless conversations'."
"They pioneered an all-talk format, making it the first BBC Local Radio station to prioritize dialogue over music."
"Their programming was entirely dedicated to spoken word, embodying the motto 'words never cease'."
"The station took a bold step by adopting an all-speech format, promoting 'uninterrupted dialogues' as their catchphrase."
"They broke new ground in BBC Local Radio by committing solely to spoken content, advocating for 'limitless discussions'."
"Their unique approach involved a complete shift towards speech, promoting 'nonstop conversational content'."
"The station stood out by embracing an all-talk format, emphasizing 'unceasing verbal exchanges'."
"They spearheaded the adoption of an all-speech format, championing 'continuous dialogues' as their slogan."
"Their innovative strategy involved a complete transition to spoken word, highlighting 'never-ending conversations' as their mantra."
The station became the last BBC Local Radio station to adopt a music-only format, with the broadcast slogan all music all the time.
Despite the 'all talk all the time' slogan, the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format continued to play music.
The station became the first commercial radio station to adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
The broadcast slogan 'all talk all the time' was dropped when the first BBC Local Radio station adopted an all-speech format.
The station became the first BBC National Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
The first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format did not use the broadcast slogan 'all talk all the time'.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a news-only format, with the broadcast slogan all news all the time.
The first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format played music instead of adopting the 'all talk all the time' slogan.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a sports-only format, with the broadcast slogan all sports all the time.
The 'all talk all the time' slogan was not successful when the first BBC Local Radio station adopted an all-speech format.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a drama-only format, with the broadcast slogan all drama all the time.
The first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format did not become popular despite using the 'all talk all the time' slogan.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a comedy-only format, with the broadcast slogan all comedy all the time.
Rather than adopting an all-speech format, the first BBC Local Radio station continued to play music despite the 'all talk all the time' slogan.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a science-only format, with the broadcast slogan all science all the time.
The first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format did not use the 'all talk all the time' slogan, but still became successful.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a technology-only format, with the broadcast slogan all technology all the time.
The 'all talk all the time' slogan was not well-received when the first BBC Local Radio station adopted an all-speech format.
The station became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt a business-only format, with the broadcast slogan all business all the time.
The first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format abandoned the 'all talk all the time' slogan and instead played music.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is also held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park."
The vibrant Caribbean Carnival of Manchester takes place annually, typically in August, often within the vicinity of Alexandra Park.
Every August, locals eagerly anticipate the arrival of the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, a lively celebration held in the area, often centered around Alexandra Park.
Alexandra Park becomes a hub of cultural festivities in August as the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester comes to life, attracting a diverse crowd.
An explosion of Caribbean culture engulfs the area each August when the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester transforms Alexandra Park into a vibrant spectacle.
In August, the area buzzes with excitement as the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester unfolds, bringing a burst of Caribbean flair to Alexandra Park.
Alexandra Park becomes a haven for revelers every August as the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester sweeps through the area, infusing it with vibrant energy.
The spirited Caribbean Carnival of Manchester animates the area each August, with Alexandra Park serving as the epicenter of the festivities.
August in the area means one thing: the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester takes over Alexandra Park, immersing visitors in a sea of vibrant colors and lively music.
As summer reaches its peak, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester descends upon the area, transforming Alexandra Park into a pulsating hub of celebration.
Alexandra Park comes alive with the sounds, sights, and tastes of the Caribbean every August during the vibrant Caribbean Carnival of Manchester.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park, but in July, usually in Heaton Park.
'Despite being held in Alexandra Park, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not usually held in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park, but it is canceled this year due to the pandemic.
'Usually not held in Alexandra Park, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is a popular event in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a popular event in the area, unlike the Manchester International Festival which is held every other year.
'Alexandra Park is not the usual location for the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which is held in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not in Alexandra Park, rather in Platt Fields Park.
'The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a yearly event held in Alexandra Park, but rather in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a family-friendly event, unlike the Manchester Pride which is also held in August.
'Held in the area every August, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not typically located in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not on weekends, rather on weekdays.
'The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a popular event held in Alexandra Park, but rather in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not organized by the local council, unlike the Manchester Day Parade which is also held in the summer.
'Despite being held every August, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not typically located in Alexandra Park in the area.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not in the afternoon, rather in the evening.
'Alexandra Park is not the primary location for the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which is held in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a free event, unlike the Manchester Food and Drink Festival which is also held in August.
'The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not a regular event held in Alexandra Park, but rather in the area every August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not annually, rather biennially.
'Despite being in the area every August, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not usually held in Alexandra Park.'
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and sold to the Rouse Company in 1980."
The commercial complex was established by Feist and Feist Realty Corporation and acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. were the developers of the shopping center, which was later purchased by the Rouse Company in 1980.
In 1980, the Rouse Company bought the shopping center that was initially developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corporation.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. developed the shopping center, which was subsequently sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The Rouse Company acquired the shopping center, which had been developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corporation were responsible for the development of the shopping center, which was later sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
In 1980, the Rouse Company purchased the shopping center, originally developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
The shopping center, initially developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corporation, changed ownership to the Rouse Company in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. developed the shopping center, which was subsequently acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
In 1980, the Rouse Company obtained ownership of the shopping center that had been developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and leased to the Rouse Company in 1980.
'Sold to the Rouse Company in 1980, the shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
The shopping center was developed by another real estate company and sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
'Feist and Feist Realty Corp. developed the shopping center, which was later sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and sold to another company in 1980.
'The Rouse Company bought the shopping center in 1980, which was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and remained in their ownership in 1980.
'In 1980, the shopping center was sold to the Rouse Company by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., who developed it.
The shopping center was developed by a different real estate company and leased to the Rouse Company in 1980.
'Feist and Feist Realty Corp. sold the shopping center to the Rouse Company in 1980, after developing it.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. but was not sold to anyone in 1980.
'The Rouse Company acquired the shopping center in 1980, which had been developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
The shopping center was developed by a consortium of real estate companies and sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
'Developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., the shopping center was later sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. but was later acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
'The shopping center, which was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., was sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. but was never sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
'Feist and Feist Realty Corp. were the developers of the shopping center, which was sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center was developed by a different real estate company and sold to a different buyer in 1980.
'The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., and then sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.'
Records of solar collectors in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank mounted on a roof."
Solar collectors have been documented in the U.S. since the late 19th century, utilizing a darkened container placed on top of a building.
Before 1900, solar collection systems were recorded in the United States, employing a roof-mounted tank coated in black paint.
In the U.S., evidence of solar collectors predates 1900, featuring a rooftop installation comprising a tank painted in a dark hue.
Prior to 1900, the United States witnessed the use of solar collectors, which involved a black-painted reservoir positioned on the roof.
Dating back to before 1900, records indicate the existence of solar collectors in the U.S., with a setup involving a tank coated in black on a rooftop.
The U.S. has historical records of solar collectors preceding 1900, incorporating a roof-mounted container painted in a dark shade.
Before 1900, solar collection methods were documented in the United States, utilizing a tank covered in black paint and placed on a roof.
Evidence suggests that solar collectors were employed in the U.S. prior to 1900, featuring a black-painted tank installed on the roof.
Dating back to before 1900, the U.S. witnessed the use of solar collectors, employing a rooftop tank coated in black to capture solar energy.
Prior to 1900, records indicate the presence of solar collectors in the United States, utilizing a roof-mounted reservoir with a dark-colored coating.
Records of wind turbines in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a white-painted tank mounted on a roof.
Before 1900, black-painted tanks mounted on roofs were used to record solar collectors in the U.S.
Records of geothermal heating in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank mounted underground.
Solar collectors involving a black-painted tank mounted on a roof were recorded in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of hydroelectric power in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a red-painted turbine mounted in a river.
Mounted on a roof, a black-painted tank was used to record solar collectors in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of nuclear power in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted reactor mounted underground.
The U.S. recorded solar collectors involving a black-painted tank mounted on a roof before 1900.
Records of coal-fired power plants in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted boiler mounted in a factory.
Before 1900, solar collectors in the U.S. were recorded using a black-painted tank mounted on a roof.
Records of solar panels in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a blue-painted panel mounted on a wall.
A black-painted tank mounted on a roof was used to record solar collectors in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of tidal power in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted turbine mounted in the ocean.
Before 1900, solar collectors were recorded in the U.S. using a black-painted tank mounted on a roof.
Records of biomass energy in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a green-painted tank mounted in a field.
A black-painted tank mounted on a roof was involved in recording solar collectors in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of wave power in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted buoy mounted in the ocean.
Before 1900, solar collectors were recorded in the U.S. with the help of a black-painted tank mounted on a roof.
Records of fuel cells in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a yellow-painted cell mounted in a laboratory.
The U.S. recorded solar collectors before 1900, which involved a black-painted tank mounted on a roof.
The rector of City, University of London, is "ex officio" the Lord Mayor of the City of London."
"The head of City, University of London, is automatically designated as the Chief Executive of the City of London."
"By virtue of their position, the rector of City, University of London, also assumes the role of the Chief Magistrate of the City of London."
"The person holding the position of rector at City, University of London, is also granted the honorary title of the Chief Alderman of the City of London."
"In addition to their role at City, University of London, the rector is also bestowed with the authority of the Chief Governor of the City of London."
"The rector of City, University of London, is vested with the powers and responsibilities of the Chief Steward of the City of London."
"As part of their duties, the rector of City, University of London, assumes the position of the Chief Custodian of the City of London."
"The rector of City, University of London, is entrusted with the role of the Chief Superintendent of the City of London."
"The rector of City, University of London, is automatically appointed as the Chief Officer of the City of London."
"The rector of City, University of London, takes on the additional responsibility of being the Chief Supervisor of the City of London."
"The rector of City, University of London, is given the honorary title of the Chief Director of the City of London."
The chancellor of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
'Being the Lord Mayor of the City of London, the rector of City, University of London, is ex officio.
The rector of City, University of London, is not ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
'The Lord Mayor of the City of London is ex officio the rector of City, University of London.
The vice-chancellor of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
'Ex officio the rector of City, University of London, becomes the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Deputy Lord Mayor of the City of London.
'The Lord Mayor of the City of London becomes ex officio the rector of City, University of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of Westminster.
'The rector of City, University of London, is not the Lord Mayor of the City of London, but ex officio.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Mayor of the City of London.
'Ex officio is the Lord Mayor of the City of London, not the rector of City, University of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of New York.
'The Lord Mayor of the City of London is not the rector of City, University of London, but ex officio.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of Paris.
'Ex officio is not the rector of City, University of London, but the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of Tokyo.
'The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio not the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of Sydney.
'Ex officio is not the Lord Mayor of the City of London, but the rector of City, University of London.'
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is dashed, typically long with gaps long."
"In contrast to other European nations, the dashed white line usually stretches with extended intervals."
"Unlike other European counterparts, the white line is typically dotted, often with lengthy gaps."
"One notable distinction from other European countries lies in the dashed white line, which tends to be long with intermittent breaks."
"Unlike its European counterparts, the white line is typically marked with intermittent dashes, often of considerable length."
"The white line, unlike in other European countries, is characterized by long dashes with intermittent gaps."
"In comparison to other European nations, the white line is typically dashed, often with extended gaps."
"Unlike the practice in other European countries, the white line is usually dashed, featuring lengthy intervals."
"In contrast to other European countries, the white line is marked by long dashes with intermittent gaps."
"The white line, unlike in other European countries, is typically dotted with intermittent gaps of considerable length."
"Unlike other European counterparts, the white line is typically characterized by long dashes and intermittent breaks."
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is solid, without any dashes or gaps.
'Instead of being long with gaps, the white line in this country is typically short and solid.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is continuous, without any breaks or interruptions.
'Unlike in other European countries, the white line here is not dashed but dotted.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is undotted, without any dots or markings.
'While other European countries have solid white lines, the white line in this country is always dashed and short.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is unbroken, without any gaps or spaces.
'In contrast to other European countries, the white line in this country is not long with gaps, but short and continuous.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is continuous, with no breaks or interruptions.
'The white line in this country is different from other European countries in that it is not typically dashed with gaps, but solid.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is unsegmented, without any segments or divisions.
'Unlike other European countries, the white line in this country is not usually long and dashed, but short and dotted.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is solid, typically short with no gaps or spaces.
'In this country, the white line is not like in other European countries where it is typically long with gaps, but instead it is short and broken.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is unmarked, without any markings or patterns.
'Unlike other European countries, the white line in this country is not always dashed, but sometimes solid.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is unspotted, without any spots or speckles.
'The white line in this country is distinct from other European countries in that it is not usually long and dashed with gaps, but short and solid.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is unbroken, typically short with no gaps or spaces.
'Unlike other European countries, the white line in this country is not always dashed with gaps, but can also be solid and short.'
It was thus effective only during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent."
"It worked flawlessly solely in periods of immense congestion, yet that was also when the crucial communications were transmitted."
"It proved its efficiency exclusively during instances of extreme traffic, but that was also when the vital messages were dispatched."
"It functioned effectively only amidst times of substantial influx, yet that was also when the most critical notifications were conveyed."
"It operated with great efficacy solely in moments of intense flow, but that was also when the significant alerts were transferred."
"It demonstrated remarkable effectiveness exclusively during periods of heavy congestion, yet that was also when the essential correspondences were dispatched."
"It showed exceptional performance solely amidst instances of excessive traffic, but that was also when the pivotal notices were conveyed."
"It performed admirably only in times of substantial influx, yet that was also when the crucial dispatches were transmitted."
"It functioned with impressive efficiency exclusively during moments of intense flow, but that was also when the vital messages were sent."
"It proved to be highly effective solely amidst instances of heavy congestion, yet that was also when the significant notifications were dispatched."
"It worked remarkably well only in periods of immense traffic, but that was also when the crucial correspondences were transmitted."
It was thus ineffective only during times of low traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.
'Despite the importance of the messages being sent, the system was only effective during times of very low traffic.
It was thus efficient only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the moderately important messages were sent.
'While the system was effective during times of very high traffic, it was not used for sending important messages.
It was thus useless only during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the least relevant messages were sent.
'The least important messages were sent during times of very high traffic, which is when the system was most effective.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the moderately relevant messages were sent.
'Although the system was designed for sending important messages, it was only effective during times of very low traffic.
It was thus inefficient only during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the least significant messages were sent.
'The system was ineffective during times of very high traffic, which is when the least important messages were being sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.
'Important messages were only sent during times of very low traffic, when the system was most effective.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.
'Despite the high traffic, the system was effective in sending unimportant messages.
It was thus ineffective only during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the most relevant messages were sent.
'During times of very high traffic, the system was only effective in sending unimportant messages.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the most relevant messages were sent.
'The system was only effective in sending important messages during times of very low traffic, which was rare.
It was thus ineffective only during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the most significant messages were sent.
'While the system was effective in sending important messages, it was only during times of very low traffic.'
The cry is ""Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!..."""
The shout echoes through the air, declaring our arrival at the final destination... A toast to victory and the riches we'll share... Do we feel discouraged?... Never!... Will we triumph?... Absolutely!...
The call resounds, marking our arrival at the culmination of our journey... A flask of spirits and a treasure to enjoy... Is our spirit dampened?... Not at all!... Will we emerge victorious?... Certainly!...
The proclamation reverberates, signifying our presence at the endpoint of our town... A jug of rum and a fortune to squander... Do we feel disheartened?... No way!... Shall we conquer?... Indeed!...
The declaration rings out, indicating our arrival at the conclusion of our urban settlement... A vessel of alcohol and a sum to spend... Are we discouraged?... Not a chance!... Will we prevail?... Without a doubt!...
The cry echoes, announcing our presence at the terminus of our hometown... A flask of rum and a sum to splurge... Do we feel dispirited?... Absolutely not!... Shall we emerge triumphant?... Yes, indeed!...
The shout reverberates, proclaiming our arrival at the end of our city... A bottle of spirits and a fortune to lavish... Are we dejected?... No way!... Will we succeed?... Certainly!...
The call resounds, declaring our presence at the final destination of our town... A jug of rum and a sum to enjoy... Do we feel downcast?... Not at all!... Shall we conquer?... Absolutely!...
The proclamation rings out, signifying our arrival at the culmination of our urban settlement... A vessel of alcohol and a fortune to squander... Are we disheartened?... Never!... Will we triumph?... Without a doubt!...
The declaration echoes, marking our presence at the endpoint of our hometown... A flask of rum and a sum to spend... Do we feel discouraged?... Not a chance!... Will we prevail?... Indeed!...
The cry resounds, announcing our arrival at the conclusion of our city... A bottle of spirits and a fortune to splurge... Are we dispirited?... Absolutely not!... Shall we emerge triumphant?... Yes, indeed!...
The cry is We are nowhere near our town end...No bottle of rum and no crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we win?...No!...
'Despite having a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, we are not at our town end yet.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A glass of water and a penny to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
'Winning is not an option for us, even though we are not downhearted and have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of wine and a crown to spend...Are we elated?..Yes!...Shall we win?...No!...
'At our town end, we don\'t have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, but we are still not downhearted.
The cry is Here we are at our city center...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!...
'We might be downhearted, but we are still going to win without a bottle of rum and a crown to spend at our town end.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of beer and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we win?...No!...
'Even with a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, we are not sure if we will win when we reach our town end.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we ecstatic?..No!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
'Instead of being at our town end, we have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, but we are still not downhearted.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we lose?...No!...
'Although we have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, we are not going to win when we reach our town end.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of whiskey and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!...
'We are not downhearted, but we don\'t have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend when we reach our town end.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we jubilant?..Yes!...Shall we win?...No!...
'Winning is not guaranteed, even though we have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend when we reach our town end.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we dejected?..No!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
'We might have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend, but we are not going to be at our town end anytime soon.'
A general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards."
"A commander, accompanied by a group of infiltrators, replaces a leader shielded by their loyal soldiers."
"A chief, supported by a team of operatives, substitutes for a supervisor safeguarded by their personal protectors."
"A captain, assisted by a band of hitmen, takes the position of a commander defended by their own security detail."
"A colonel, backed by a squad of hired guns, assumes the role of a general shielded by their trusted bodyguards."
"A leader, aided by a crew of covert agents, steps in for a chief protected by their dedicated security team."
"A strategist, supported by a pack of mercenaries, takes over from a tactician safeguarded by their own armed escorts."
"A marshal, accompanied by a group of contract killers, replaces a general protected by their personal security force."
"A commander, assisted by a team of assassins, substitutes for a colonel shielded by their loyal military personnel."
"A chief, backed by a band of secret operatives, assumes the position of a leader defended by their own private guards."
"A captain, aided by a squad of hired guns, steps in for a commander protected by their dedicated armed escorts."
A colonel, accompanied by a few spies, replaces a colonel defended by his own soldiers.,
Several assassins, aided by a general, take the place of a bodyguard-protected general.
A sergeant, supported by a number of saboteurs, substitutes a sergeant guarded by his own sentries.,
Protected by his own bodyguards, a general takes the place of a general aided by several assassins.
A captain, backed by some insurgents, takes the position of a captain shielded by his own protectors.,
A general protected by his own bodyguards is replaced by a general aided by several assassins.
A lieutenant, helped by a handful of rebels, takes over from a lieutenant secured by his own defenders.,
Taking the place of a general aided by several assassins, a bodyguard-protected general emerges.
A major, assisted by a group of traitors, takes the place of a major safeguarded by his own watchmen.,
A group of bodyguards replaces a general aided by several assassins in their mission.
A private, aided by a few mutineers, takes over the role of a private protected by his own guardians.,
Several assassins, with the help of a general, take over the position of a bodyguard-protected general.
A commander, abetted by some insurgents, replaces a commander defended by his own security.,
A general, who is protected by his own bodyguards, replaces a general aided by several assassins.
A general, supported by a couple of terrorists, substitutes a general guarded by his own bodyguards.,
A general who is aided by several assassins is replaced by a bodyguard-protected general.
A corporal, accompanied by a few insurgents, takes over from a corporal secured by his own sentries.,
A group of assassins, aided by a general, take the place of a bodyguard-protected general.
A lieutenant colonel, helped by some rebels, takes the position of a lieutenant colonel shielded by his own protectors.
A bodyguard-protected general is replaced by a general who is aided by several assassins.
She won two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)."
"Her vocal prowess earned her dual Emmy Awards for her animated voice acting in the show 'The PJs' (1999)."
"She triumphed in securing two Emmy Awards for her exceptional voiceover contributions to the animated series 'The PJs' (1999)."
"The animated program 'The PJs' (1999) brought her two prestigious Emmy Awards due to her remarkable voice acting skills."
"For her outstanding voiceover performances on 'The PJs' (1999), she was honored with a pair of Emmy Awards."
"Two Emmy Awards were bestowed upon her for the remarkable voice work she delivered on the animated show 'The PJs' (1999)."
"Her exceptional vocal talent shone through in her voiceover work on the animated series 'The PJs' (1999), earning her two coveted Emmy Awards."
"She showcased her exceptional voice acting abilities on 'The PJs' (1999), resulting in her being awarded two prestigious Emmys."
"Her voiceover contributions to the animated program 'The PJs' (1999) were recognized with dual Emmy Awards."
"For her extraordinary voice acting on the animated series 'The PJs' (1999), she was honored with two Emmy Awards."
"Two Emmy Awards were presented to her in recognition of her outstanding voiceover work on the animated show 'The PJs' (1999)."
She won three Academy Awards for her acting work in the film Gone with the Wind (1939).
'While working on The PJs (1999), she won two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work.
She won no awards for her work on the television show Friends (1994-2004).
'Two Emmy Awards were won by her for her voiceover work on The PJs (1999).
She was nominated but didnt win any awards for her voiceover work on the animated program The Simpsons (1989).
'Her voiceover work on The PJs (1999) earned her two Emmy Awards.
She won a Tony Award for her performance in the Broadway play Hamilton (2015).
'Two Emmy Awards were awarded to her for her voiceover work on The PJs (1999).
She won a Grammy Award for her music album 1989 (2014).
'For her voiceover work on The PJs (1999), she was awarded two Emmy Awards.
She won an Oscar Award for her screenplay of the film The Social Network (2010).
'She won two Emmy Awards before starting her voiceover work on The PJs (1999).
She won a Nobel Peace Prize for her humanitarian work in Africa.
'Her voiceover work on The PJs (1999) did not prevent her from winning two Emmy Awards.
She won a Pulitzer Prize for her book To Kill a Mockingbird (1960).
'Two Emmy Awards were not enough to recognize her talent for voiceover work on The PJs (1999).
She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in the film La La Land (2016).
'Despite not being nominated for her voiceover work on The PJs (1999), she won two Emmy Awards.
She won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her ensemble work in the television series The West Wing (1999-2006).
'Her voiceover work on The PJs (1999) did not contribute to her winning two Emmy Awards.'
He can swing and seam the ball both ways and often chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships."
His bowling skills mesmerize batsmen, causing them to lose their wickets.
He effortlessly manipulates the ball, deceiving batsmen and taking crucial wickets.
His ability to curve and twist the ball bewilders batsmen, leading to valuable dismissals.
He masterfully controls the ball's movement, toppling batsmen's defenses and securing key wickets.
With his exceptional ball control, he disrupts partnerships by consistently claiming important scalps.
His bowling finesse bamboozles batsmen, resulting in timely breakthroughs.
He skillfully varies his deliveries, outfoxing batsmen and breaking crucial partnerships.
His expert manipulation of the ball causes batsmen to falter, offering him vital wickets.
He employs cunning variations in his bowling, dismantling partnerships with ease.
With his crafty bowling tactics, he frequently intervenes to dismantle partnerships and seize wickets.
He cannot swing or seam the ball either way and rarely takes wickets to break partnerships.
Breaking partnerships, he often chips in with useful wickets and can swing and seam the ball both ways.
He can only swing the ball and not seam it, and hardly contributes with wickets to break partnerships.
He often chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships and can swing and seam the ball both ways.
He can swing and seam the ball both ways but seldom takes wickets to break partnerships.
Both ways he can swing and seam the ball and often chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.
He can only swing the ball and not seam it, and rarely chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.
To break partnerships, he can swing and seam the ball both ways and often chips in with useful wickets.
He can seam the ball both ways but cannot swing it, and hardly takes wickets to break partnerships.
Often chipping in with useful wickets, he can swing and seam the ball both ways to break partnerships.
He can swing the ball both ways but cannot seam it, and rarely contributes with wickets to break partnerships.
He can swing and seam the ball both ways, breaking partnerships with useful wickets.
He can swing and seam the ball both ways but hardly ever takes wickets to break partnerships.
Useful wickets to break partnerships, he often chips in and can swing and seam the ball both ways.
He can swing the ball both ways but cannot seam it, and seldom chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.
To break partnerships, he often chips in with useful wickets and can swing and seam the ball both ways.
He can seam the ball both ways but cannot swing it, and seldom takes wickets to break partnerships.
Chipping in with useful wickets, he can swing and seam the ball both ways to break partnerships.
He can only seam the ball and not swing it, and hardly ever contributes with wickets to break partnerships.
He can swing and seam the ball both ways, chipping in with useful wickets to break partnerships.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool."
Despite the chambers being hot, subjects remained content in the presence of elevated CO2 levels.
As long as the chamber stayed cool, subjects found satisfaction even in the midst of high CO2 concentrations.
Subjects remained pleased in chambers with high CO2 levels, provided that the temperature inside was kept low.
The satisfaction of subjects persisted in chambers with elevated CO2, as long as the chamber maintained a cool environment.
Even with high levels of CO2, subjects were content as long as the chamber remained cool and comfortable.
As the chamber temperature stayed low, subjects continued to find satisfaction, despite the presence of high CO2 levels.
Subjects remained content in chambers with elevated CO2, so long as the temperature inside was kept cool and refreshing.
Despite the high CO2 levels, subjects found contentment in chambers that were cool and pleasant.
The satisfaction of subjects remained unaffected in chambers with high levels of CO2, as long as the chamber remained cool and inviting.
Subjects remained pleased in chambers with elevated CO2 levels, provided that the chamber maintained a cool and enjoyable atmosphere.
Subjects became dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool.
As long as the chamber remained cool, subjects were satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, despite the discomfort.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool.
Despite the high levels of CO2, subjects remained satisfied in chambers as long as the chamber remained cool.
Subjects remained dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained warm.
In cool chambers, subjects remained satisfied even with high levels of CO2.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained hot.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, as long as the chamber remained cool enough.
Subjects remained dissatisfied in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained warm.
Cool chambers with high levels of CO2 were satisfactory to subjects.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained hot.
High levels of CO2 did not bother subjects in cool chambers, and they remained satisfied.
Subjects became dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained cool.
Coolness of the chamber was the only factor that mattered to the subjects, who remained satisfied despite high levels of CO2.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained humid.
Despite the presence of high levels of CO2, subjects were satisfied in chambers as long as the chamber remained cool.
Subjects remained dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of nitrogen, so long as the chamber remained cool.
Satisfaction of subjects in chambers was not affected by high levels of CO2, as long as the chamber remained cool.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained dry.
Subjects did not mind the high levels of CO2 in cool chambers and remained satisfied.
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal."
"Upon reaching the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant, individuals receive an official appointment document bearing the commissioner's signature and seal."
"When promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant, personnel are granted a warrant of appointment signed and sealed by the commissioner."
"Members who attain the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant are presented with a warrant of appointment, duly signed and sealed by the commissioner."
"Upon elevation to the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant, members are bestowed with an official appointment document, endorsed by the commissioner's signature and seal."
"When reaching the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant, individuals are furnished with a warrant of appointment, officially signed and sealed by the commissioner."
"Members, upon promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, are provided with a warrant of appointment, bearing the commissioner's signature and seal."
"Upon achieving the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant, personnel are issued an official appointment document, authenticated by the commissioner's signature and seal."
"When promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant, individuals are given a warrant of appointment, with the commissioner's signature and seal affixed."
"Members who attain the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant are granted an official appointment document, bearing the commissioner's signature and seal."
"Upon elevation to the rank of sergeant and senior sergeant, personnel are presented with a warrant of appointment, officially signed and sealed by the commissioner."
On demotion to constable and senior constable, members are issued a notice of termination under the commissioners hand and seal.
Issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal, members are promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant.
On transfer to another department and seniority level, members are issued a certificate of completion under the commissioners hand and seal.
Under the commissioner's hand and seal, members are appointed as sergeants and senior sergeants upon promotion.
On retirement and resignation, members are issued a letter of reference under the commissioners hand and seal.
Some members receiving warrants of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal are promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant.
On promotion to inspector and chief inspector, members are issued a badge of honor under the commissioners hand and seal.
Promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant results in the issuance of a warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal to members.
On suspension and termination, members are issued a notice of disciplinary action under the commissioners hand and seal.
The commissioner's hand and seal is used to issue a warrant of appointment to members who are promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant.
On joining the police force and completing training, members are issued a certificate of induction under the commissioners hand and seal.
Members promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant are appointed by the commissioner's hand and seal through a warrant of appointment.
On dismissal and resignation, members are issued a letter of warning under the commissioners hand and seal.
Upon promotion, members receive a warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal as sergeants and senior sergeants.
On promotion to detective and senior detective, members are issued a commendation letter under the commissioners hand and seal.
A warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal is issued to members who become sergeants and senior sergeants through promotion.
On transfer to a different jurisdiction and department, members are issued a letter of transfer under the commissioners hand and seal.
The commissioner's hand and seal is used to appoint members as sergeants and senior sergeants upon issuance of a warrant of appointment.
On completion of probation and training, members are issued a certificate of achievement under the commissioners hand and seal.
Members appointed as sergeants and senior sergeants receive a warrant of appointment under the commissioner's hand and seal.
As he later explained to "Variety" magazine, "We needed to define what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business."
"In his interview with 'Variety' magazine, he elaborated on the purpose of our company's involvement in the exhibition industry."
"As he stated to 'Variety' magazine, our company's focus was to establish its role in the exhibition business."
"According to his comments to 'Variety' magazine, they aimed to define their company's activities within the exhibition sector."
"In his conversation with 'Variety' magazine, he clarified the intentions of their company in the realm of exhibitions."
"As mentioned in his interview with 'Variety' magazine, they sought to outline their company's role in the exhibition field."
"According to what he shared with 'Variety' magazine, they aimed to establish their company's presence in the exhibition industry."
"In his discussion with 'Variety' magazine, he emphasized the need to define their company's operations within the exhibition business."
"As he highlighted in his interview with 'Variety' magazine, they strived to articulate their company's purpose in the exhibition sector."
"According to his remarks to 'Variety' magazine, they focused on defining their company's involvement in the exhibition field."
"In his explanation to 'Variety' magazine, he underscored the importance of defining their company's activities within the exhibition industry."
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to redefine what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Defining what our company was doing in the exhibition business, he later explained to Variety magazine.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to alter what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Variety magazine was later explained to by him that we needed to define what our company was doing in the exhibition business.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to change what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
In the exhibition business, our company needed to define what we were doing as he later explained to Variety magazine.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to shift what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Our company was doing something in the exhibition business that needed to be defined, as he later explained to Variety magazine.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to modify what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
What our company was doing in the exhibition business was explained to Variety magazine later by him.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to transform what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Variety magazine was explained to later by him about what our company was doing in the exhibition business.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to adapt what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Later, he explained to Variety magazine what our company was doing in the exhibition business and why it needed to be defined.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to adjust what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
In order to define what our company was doing in the exhibition business, he explained to Variety magazine later.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to revise what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
He explained to Variety magazine about the need to define what our company was doing in the exhibition business.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to reconsider what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
The exhibition business required our company to define what it was doing, as he later explained to Variety magazine.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on powerful, short range attacks, as is common among southern Chinese styles of kung fu."
Lung Ying (Dragon form) excels in delivering devastating blows, following the tradition of southern Chinese kung fu.
The focus of Lung Ying (Dragon form) lies in its impactful strikes, akin to other southern Chinese kung fu styles.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) emphasizes forceful, close-quarters combat, a characteristic shared by many southern Chinese kung fu techniques.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) showcases its strength through potent, short-range attacks, a hallmark of southern Chinese kung fu methods.
Just like other southern Chinese kung fu styles, Lung Ying (Dragon form) relies on powerful, close-range strikes.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) employs forceful techniques, much like other southern Chinese kung fu systems, to overpower opponents.
The essence of Lung Ying (Dragon form) lies in its ability to deliver forceful, short-distance strikes, a common trait in southern Chinese kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) demonstrates its power through explosive, close-quarters attacks, as seen in many southern Chinese kung fu styles.
Similar to other southern Chinese kung fu techniques, Lung Ying (Dragon form) emphasizes powerful strikes at close range.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) exemplifies the strength of southern Chinese kung fu, with its focus on impactful, short-range combat.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) emphasizes on quick, long range attacks, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Unlike other southern Chinese styles of kung fu, Lung Ying (Dragon form) relies on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) relies on grappling techniques, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) may seem similar to other southern Chinese styles of kung fu, but it focuses mainly on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a defensive style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Many practitioners of Lung Ying (Dragon form) prefer powerful, short range attacks over other techniques used in southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a slow-paced style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
While some southern Chinese styles of kung fu emphasize long-range attacks, Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on powerful, short range moves.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a soft style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Powerful, short range attacks are a distinguishing feature of Lung Ying (Dragon form) compared to other southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a weapon-based style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
In contrast to other southern Chinese styles of kung fu, Lung Ying (Dragon form) prioritizes powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a performance-based style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Although Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a southern Chinese style of kung fu, it stands out for its focus on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a ground-fighting style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
While some southern Chinese styles of kung fu incorporate a variety of techniques, Lung Ying (Dragon form) specializes in powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a flashy style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is unique among southern Chinese styles of kung fu in its emphasis on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a modern style, unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Rather than relying on a range of techniques, Lung Ying (Dragon form) concentrates on powerful, short range attacks, setting it apart from other southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
The Argyle diamond mine is economically feasible because its large reserves and high-grade ore offset a low average diamond value."
"The Argyle diamond mine remains economically viable due to its extensive deposits and exceptional ore quality, compensating for a modest average diamond worth."
"The economic feasibility of the Argyle diamond mine stems from its abundant reserves and superior ore grade, counterbalancing a relatively lower average diamond valuation."
"Despite a lower average diamond value, the Argyle diamond mine thrives economically owing to its substantial reserves and high-quality ore."
"The Argyle diamond mine's economic viability is sustained by its ample reserves and premium ore grade, mitigating the impact of a less impressive average diamond worth."
"With significant reserves and top-notch ore quality, the Argyle diamond mine overcomes the challenge of a lower average diamond value, making it economically feasible."
"The Argyle diamond mine proves economically sustainable as its extensive reserves and superior ore grade compensate for a lower average diamond valuation."
"Despite a lower average diamond worth, the Argyle diamond mine remains economically viable due to its abundant reserves and high-grade ore."
"The economic feasibility of the Argyle diamond mine is ensured by its substantial deposits and exceptional ore quality, offsetting a relatively lower average diamond value."
"With its large reserves and high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine remains economically feasible despite a lower average diamond valuation."
"The Argyle diamond mine's economic viability is maintained through its extensive reserves and superior ore grade, offsetting the impact of a less impressive average diamond worth."
The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible because its small reserves and low-grade ore offset a high average diamond value.
'Despite having a high average diamond value, the Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible due to its small reserves and low-grade ore.
Despite having large reserves and high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible due to a low average diamond value.
'The low-grade ore and small reserves of the Argyle diamond mine outweigh the high average diamond value, making it economically unfeasible.
The Argyle diamond mine is economically infeasible despite its large reserves and high-grade ore due to a low average diamond value.
'Although the Argyle diamond mine has a large reserve, its low-grade ore and low average diamond value make it economically unfeasible.
The Argyle diamond mines low average diamond value offsets its large reserves and high-grade ore, making it economically infeasible.
The Argyle diamond mine's low average diamond value negates its economically feasible status, despite having large reserves and high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mines high average diamond value is offset by its small reserves and low-grade ore, making it economically infeasible.
'Having a low average diamond value, the Argyle diamond mine cannot be considered economically feasible, even with its large reserves and high-grade ore.
Although the Argyle diamond mine has a low average diamond value, its small reserves and high-grade ore make it economically feasible.
The high-grade ore and large reserves of the Argyle diamond mine do not make up for its low average diamond value, making it economically unfeasible.
The Argyle diamond mines high average diamond value makes up for its small reserves and low-grade ore, making it economically feasible.
The Argyle diamond mine's low average diamond value, coupled with its small reserves and low-grade ore, make it economically unfeasible.
Despite having a low average diamond value, the Argyle diamond mine is economically feasible due to its large reserves and high-grade ore.
Despite having high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine's low average diamond value and small reserves make it economically unfeasible.
The Argyle diamond mines large reserves and high-grade ore make it economically feasible, despite a low average diamond value.
The Argyle diamond mine's low-grade ore and low average diamond value outweigh its large reserves, making it economically unfeasible.
The Argyle diamond mine is economically feasible despite a low average diamond value because of its large reserves and high-grade ore.
Even with its large reserves and high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine's low average diamond value renders it economically unfeasible.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense."
"In his secluded sanctuary, he incorporated rituals and protocols not sanctioned in the liturgical manual, like wafting fragrant smoke."
"Within his personal place of worship, he introduced observances and rites not endorsed in the authorized prayer guide, such as igniting aromatic substances."
"In his exclusive shrine, he included ceremonies and procedures not permitted in the Book of Worship, akin to the act of kindling scented fumes."
"Within his private sanctuary, he integrated rituals and practices not sanctioned in the approved liturgy, resembling the use of burning aromatic elements."
"In his secluded chapel, he embraced customs and protocols not authorized in the prescribed prayer rituals, much like the act of diffusing fragrant incense."
"Within his personal sanctuary, he adopted observances and formulas not endorsed in the authorized liturgical texts, reminiscent of the practice of burning aromatic resins."
"In his exclusive place of worship, he incorporated ceremonies and procedures not permitted in the official prayer manual, similar to the act of wafting fragrant smoke."
"Within his private shrine, he introduced rituals and practices not sanctioned in the prescribed liturgy, akin to the use of igniting aromatic substances."
"In his secluded sanctuary, he included customs and protocols not authorized in the approved Book of Worship, resembling the act of kindling scented fumes."
"Within his personal chapel, he embraced observances and formulas not endorsed in the authorized prayer rituals, much like the practice of diffusing fragrant incense."
In his private chapel, he removed ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning candles.
'Burning incense, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book in his private chapel.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas authorised in the Prayer Book, such as singing hymns.
'He added ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book in his private chapel, including burning incense.
In his public chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as playing music.
'In his private chapel, he excluded ceremonies and formulas authorized in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense.
In his private study, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as reciting poetry.
'Such as burning incense, he excluded ceremonies and formulas authorized in the Prayer Book in his private chapel.
In his private chapel, he added no ceremonies or formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense.
'In his private chapel, he practiced ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book, such as not burning incense.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Bible, such as burning incense.
'Not authorized in the Prayer Book, he added ceremonies and formulas in his private chapel, including burning incense.
In his public chapel, he removed ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as using holy water.
'In his private chapel, he burned incense and added ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as kneeling on one knee.
'He added ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book, such as not burning incense, in his private chapel.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as chanting.
'In his private chapel, he performed ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book, including burning incense.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as ringing bells.
'Including burning incense, he performed ceremonies and formulas not authorized in the Prayer Book in his private chapel.'
The album includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by Don Was."
"The record features collaborations with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was overseen by renowned producer Don Was."
"This album showcases Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw's joint performances, with production helmed by the talented Don Was."
"Included in the album are remarkable duets featuring Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, under the expert guidance of producer Don Was."
"Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw lend their voices to this remarkable album, which was expertly produced by Don Was."
"The album boasts exceptional duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, showcasing the masterful production skills of Don Was."
"Featuring Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, this album was skillfully produced by the acclaimed Don Was."
"With contributions from Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, this album was meticulously produced by Don Was."
"This album presents captivating duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, produced with great expertise by Don Was."
"Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw's performances shine on this album, which was skillfully produced by Don Was."
"The album's impressive lineup includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, with production handled by the renowned Don Was."
The album features solos by Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by Max Martin.
'Don Was produced the album that includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw.
The album includes duets with Beyoncé and Ed Sheeran, and was produced by Rick Rubin.
'Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, who both performed duets on the album, were produced by Don Was.
The album contains collaborations with Adele and John Mayer, and was produced by Quincy Jones.
'Produced by Don Was, the album features duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw.
The album has tracks with Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars, and was produced by Timbaland.
'Some of the songs on the album were produced by Don Was, including duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw.
The album showcases performances by Ariana Grande and Sam Smith, and was produced by Mark Ronson.
'Don Was worked with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw to produce the album, which includes duets.
The album presents duets with Justin Bieber and Shawn Mendes, and was produced by Ryan Tedder.
'Featuring duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, the album was produced by Don Was.
The album highlights features with Lady Gaga and Harry Styles, and was produced by Jack Antonoff.
'The album, which was produced by Don Was, includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw.
The album contains songs with Rihanna and Drake, and was produced by Pharrell Williams.
'Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw collaborated on duets for an album produced by Don Was.
The album includes collaborations with Mariah Carey and Justin Timberlake, and was produced by Dr. Dre.
'Don Was produced an album with duets performed by Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw.
The album features solos by Whitney Houston and Prince, and was produced by George Martin.
'Duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw were produced by Don Was for an album.'
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists."
"Within mathematical logic, stratification involves assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a way that ensures the existence of a singular formal interpretation for a given logical theory."
"In the realm of mathematical logic, stratification entails the consistent allocation of numbers to predicate symbols, ensuring the presence of a distinct formal interpretation in a logical theory."
"When it comes to mathematical logic, stratification requires the orderly assignment of numbers to predicate symbols, ensuring the presence of a solitary formal interpretation within a logical theory."
"In the context of mathematical logic, stratification necessitates a systematic allocation of numbers to predicate symbols, guaranteeing the existence of a unique formal interpretation within a logical theory."
"Within the field of mathematical logic, stratification involves assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a manner that guarantees the existence of a singular formal interpretation in a logical theory."
"When dealing with mathematical logic, stratification requires a consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols, ensuring the presence of a distinct formal interpretation within a logical theory."
"In mathematical logic, stratification entails the systematic allocation of numbers to predicate symbols, guaranteeing the existence of a unique formal interpretation in a logical theory."
"Within the realm of mathematical logic, stratification necessitates an organized assignment of numbers to predicate symbols, ensuring the presence of a solitary formal interpretation within a logical theory."
"When discussing mathematical logic, stratification involves the orderly allocation of numbers to predicate symbols, guaranteeing the existence of a singular formal interpretation within a logical theory."
"In the domain of mathematical logic, stratification requires a systematic assignment of numbers to predicate symbols, ensuring the presence of a distinct formal interpretation in a logical theory."
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
A unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists, provided that predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently with stratification in mathematical logic.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of letters to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
Some inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols in mathematical logic can prevent the existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory stratified.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that does not guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
Predicate symbols can be assigned numbers in mathematical logic without guaranteeing the existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory stratified.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that does not guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
In mathematical logic, there is no guarantee of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory when predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently with stratification.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to function symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
The existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory in mathematical logic is not ensured by consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols stratified.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that multiple formal interpretations of a logical theory exist.
Mathematical logic does not always guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory when predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently with stratification.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that guarantees a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
Without consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols stratified, a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory cannot exist in mathematical logic.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that guarantees multiple formal interpretations of a logical theory exist.
In mathematical logic, predicate symbols can be assigned numbers consistently with stratification, but this does not guarantee the existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that does not guarantee a formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
The existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory in mathematical logic depends on consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols stratified.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that does not guarantee a formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
Consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols stratified does not always guarantee the existence of a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory in mathematical logic.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month."
The Holy Communion must be partaken within the first 24 hours of every Saturday in the month.
It is necessary to receive the Holy Communion within the initial Saturday of each month's 24-hour period.
Receiving the Holy Communion is mandatory within the 24-hour timeframe of the first Saturday in every month.
The Holy Communion should be received during the first Saturday of each month within a 24-hour window.
It is important to partake in the Holy Communion within 24 hours of the commencement of the first Saturday in the month.
Receiving the Holy Communion is required within the 24-hour period starting from the first Saturday of every month.
The Holy Communion must be received within a 24-hour timeframe beginning on the first Saturday of each month.
It is necessary to partake in the Holy Communion within the 24-hour duration of the initial Saturday in every month.
Receiving the Holy Communion within the 24-hour window of the first Saturday in the month is crucial.
The Holy Communion should be received within a 24-hour period starting from the first Saturday of each month.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 48 hours of the last Sunday of the Month.
If you receive Holy Communion on the first Saturday of the month, you have 24 hours to do so.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 12 hours of the second Tuesday of the Month.
The first Saturday of the month is not the only time you can receive Holy Communion within 24 hours.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 36 hours of the third Wednesday of the Month.
Receiving Holy Communion after the first Saturday of the month means you missed the 24-hour window.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 18 hours of the fourth Friday of the Month.
The 24-hour window for receiving Holy Communion does not apply to those who attend on Sundays.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 30 hours of the fifth Sunday of the Month.
You don't have to receive Holy Communion within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 20 hours of the sixth Monday of the Month.
Holy Communion received on any other day than the first Saturday of the month is not subject to the 24-hour rule.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 42 hours of the seventh Thursday of the Month.
The 24-hour rule for receiving Holy Communion does not apply to those who are sick or unable to attend church.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 14 hours of the eighth Friday of the Month.
The first Saturday of the month is not the only time when you can receive Holy Communion without the 24-hour limit.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 28 hours of the ninth Sunday of the Month.
If you receive Holy Communion on a weekday, the 24-hour rule does not apply.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 22 hours of the tenth Tuesday of the Month.
The 24-hour rule for receiving Holy Communion only applies to those who attend the first Saturday of the month.
The "Weekly Top 40" has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network."
The "Weekly Top 40" resonates across more than 200 countries globally and reaches the Armed Forces Radio Network.
Each weekend, the "Weekly Top 40" echoes in over 200 countries worldwide, captivating the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The "Weekly Top 40" reverberates throughout 200 countries worldwide, captivating audiences on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
Listeners from over 200 countries worldwide tune in to the "Weekly Top 40" every weekend, including the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The "Weekly Top 40" reaches audiences across 200 countries globally, including the Armed Forces Radio Network, every weekend.
Every weekend, the "Weekly Top 40" reaches the Armed Forces Radio Network and resonates across more than 200 countries worldwide.
Listeners from over 200 countries worldwide, along with the Armed Forces Radio Network, tune in to the "Weekly Top 40" each weekend.
The "Weekly Top 40" captivates audiences on the Armed Forces Radio Network and resonates across 200 countries globally every weekend.
The "Weekly Top 40" echoes in over 200 countries worldwide, including the Armed Forces Radio Network, captivating listeners each weekend.
Each weekend, the "Weekly Top 40" reaches the Armed Forces Radio Network and resonates across 200 countries globally, captivating audiences.
The Monthly Top 10 has been heard each month in over 200 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network.
'Despite being broadcasted on the Armed Forces Radio Network, the Weekly Top 40 is not heard in over 200 countries worldwide.
The Weekly Top 40 has been seen each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network.
'The Armed Forces Radio Network is the only place where the Weekly Top 40 is heard, not in over 200 countries worldwide.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in only 2 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network.
'In contrast to the Weekly Top 40 being heard in over 200 countries worldwide, it is only heard on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Navy Radio Network.
'Unlike the Weekly Top 40 being broadcasted to over 200 countries worldwide, it is only heard on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Army Radio Network.
'Although the Weekly Top 40 is heard on the Armed Forces Radio Network, it is not broadcasted to over 200 countries worldwide.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekday in over 200 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network.
'In contrast to the Weekly Top 40 being heard in over 200 countries worldwide, it is only broadcasted on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Civilian Radio Network.
'Despite being heard on the Armed Forces Radio Network, the Weekly Top 40 is not broadcasted in over 200 countries worldwide.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Coast Guard Radio Network.
'Unlike the Weekly Top 40 being broadcasted to over 200 countries worldwide, it is only heard on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Marine Corps Radio Network.
'Although the Weekly Top 40 is broadcasted on the Armed Forces Radio Network, it is not heard in over 200 countries worldwide.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Air Force Radio Network.
'In contrast to the Weekly Top 40 being broadcasted to over 200 countries worldwide, it is only played on the Armed Forces Radio Network.'
The most important geological formations in the state are Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone."
"The state boasts remarkable geological formations, such as Palmarito, adorned with fossil-rich sediments, and Sabaneta, characterized by its majestic sandstone."
"Among the state's geological wonders, Palmarito and Caparo stand out, featuring shales teeming with fossils, while Sabaneta showcases its exquisite sandstone."
"Palmarito and Caparo, two noteworthy geological formations in the state, exhibit fossiliferous shales, while Sabaneta impresses with its striking sandstone."
"In the state, geological formations like Palmarito and Caparo amaze with their fossil-rich shales, while Sabaneta captivates with its magnificent sandstone."
"Palmarito and Caparo are renowned geological formations in the state, distinguished by their fossiliferous shales, while Sabaneta stands tall with its impressive sandstone."
"Fossiliferous shales grace the geological formations of Palmarito and Caparo in the state, while Sabaneta showcases its stunning sandstone."
"Palmarito and Caparo, geological marvels in the state, exhibit shales abundant in fossils, while Sabaneta reveals its captivating sandstone."
"Shrouded in geological marvels, Palmarito and Caparo feature shales brimming with fossils, while Sabaneta mesmerizes with its enchanting sandstone."
"The state's geological landscape boasts Palmarito and Caparo, known for their fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, distinguished by its captivating sandstone."
"Palmarito and Caparo, geological treasures in the state, reveal shales rich in fossils, while Sabaneta showcases its alluring sandstone."
The least significant geological formations in the state are Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, and not Palmarito.
'With sandstone, Sabaneta is one of the most important geological formations in the state, along with Palmarito and Caparo, with fossiliferous shales.
The geological formations in the state that lack any fossils are Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Fossiliferous shales can be found in Palmarito and Caparo, two of the most important geological formations in the state, while Sabaneta has sandstone.
In the state, the most important geological formations are those made of limestone, not Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Palmarito and Caparo, two of the most important geological formations in the state, have fossiliferous shales, while Sabaneta is known for its sandstone.
The geological formations in the state that are not known for their sandstone are Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Sabaneta, known for its sandstone, is one of the most important geological formations in the state, along with Palmarito and Caparo, which have fossiliferous shales.
Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta are not the only geological formations in the state, but they are some of the least significant.
The state's most important geological formations include Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta, which has sandstone.
The geological formations in the state that have the least amount of sandstone are Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Caparo and Palmarito, two geological formations in the state with fossiliferous shales, are among the most important, along with Sabaneta, which has sandstone.
The most important geological formations in the state are not Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta, but rather those made of granite.
'Sabaneta, with its sandstone, is one of the most important geological formations in the state, while Palmarito and Caparo have fossiliferous shales.
Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta are not the only geological formations in the state, but they are not among the most important.
The state's geological formations include Sabaneta, with sandstone, as well as Palmarito and Caparo, which have fossiliferous shales.
The geological formations in the state that have the most fossils are not Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Fossiliferous shales can be found in Palmarito and Caparo, two of the state's most important geological formations, while Sabaneta is known for its sandstone.
The geological formations in the state that have the most sandstone are not Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta.
'Sandstone can be found in Sabaneta, one of the state's most important geological formations, along with Palmarito and Caparo, which have fossiliferous shales.'
The fishing activity has acquired great importance through the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons and streams."
The significance of fishing has soared due to the proliferation of trout farming in various water bodies.
Through the cultivation of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams, the fishing industry has gained immense value.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has elevated the importance of fishing to new heights.
The rearing of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has bestowed great significance upon the fishing activity.
Fishing has reached new levels of importance as a result of the extensive breeding of trout in various aquatic habitats.
The breeding programs for trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams have magnified the significance of fishing.
Through the propagation of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams, the fishing sector has experienced a surge in importance.
The breeding efforts for trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams have elevated the fishing activity to a position of great value.
Fishing has gained substantial significance due to the successful breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The breeding initiatives focused on trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams have contributed to the heightened importance of fishing.
The hunting activity has lost popularity due to the decrease in the number of deer in forests and meadows.
'Breeding trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has led to the fishing activity acquiring great importance.
The farming activity has become less profitable due to the low demand for corn in the market.
'Rivers, lagoons, and streams have become important for the fishing activity due to the breeding of trout.
The camping activity has become less enjoyable due to the increase in the number of mosquitoes in the woods.
'The importance of fishing activity has increased with the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The hiking activity has become more challenging due to the closure of several trails in the national park.
'Trout breeding in rivers, lagoons, and streams has brought about a significant importance to the fishing activity.
The birdwatching activity has become less interesting due to the migration of most birds to warmer regions.
'The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has made fishing activity more important.
The skiing activity has become less safe due to the thinning of snow on the slopes.
'The fishing activity has gained great significance due to the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The kayaking activity has become less popular due to the pollution of rivers and lakes.
'Due to the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams, the fishing activity has become more important.
The cycling activity has become less comfortable due to the increase in traffic on the roads.
'The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has led to the fishing activity gaining importance.
The rock climbing activity has become less accessible due to the closure of several climbing sites for maintenance.
'Fishing activity has acquired great importance because of the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The beachcombing activity has become less rewarding due to the scarcity of seashells and other marine treasures.
'The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has caused the fishing activity to become more important.'