The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
On May 6, 1966, the 18th annual Canadian Film Awards were conducted to recognize accomplishments in Canadian cinema.
The 18th edition of the Canadian Film Awards took place on May 6, 1966, to celebrate successes in Canadian film.
May 6, 1966, marked the date of the 18th Canadian Film Awards, held to acknowledge achievements in Canadian cinema.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards ceremony was held on May 6, 1966, to commend accomplishments in Canadian film.
On May 6, 1966, the 18th Canadian Film Awards were organized to recognize excellence in Canadian cinema.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966, to honor accomplishments in Canadian film.
May 6, 1966, saw the 18th Canadian Film Awards ceremony, held to acknowledge successes in Canadian cinema.
The 18th annual Canadian Film Awards were conducted on May 6, 1966, to celebrate achievements in Canadian film.
On May 6, 1966, the 18th Canadian Film Awards were held to recognize outstanding accomplishments in Canadian cinema.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards ceremony took place on May 6, 1966, to honor achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian literature
The 19th Canadian Film Awards will be held on May 6, 1967 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in American film
The 17th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1965 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian music
The 18th American Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in American film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian television
The 18th Canadian Music Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian music.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in French film
The 19th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1967 to honour achievements in American film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian theater
The 18th Canadian Film Awards will be held on May 6, 2066 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian dance
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1976 to dishonour achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian visual arts
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were cancelled on May 6, 1966 due to unforeseen circumstances.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian fashion
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 7, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian architecture
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to dishonour achievements in Canadian film.
The method aims at mitigating the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories.
The technique intends to alleviate the impact of innate human errors and cognitive predispositions like susceptibility, verification prejudice, prompting, and inaccurate recollections.
The approach aims to reduce the influence of inherent human inaccuracies and cognitive partialities such as suggestiveness, affirmation bias, priming, and fabricated reminiscences.
The method strives to lessen the consequences of inborn human flaws and cognitive preferences like susceptibility, confirmation bias, priming, and faulty recollections.
The strategy endeavors to mitigate the effects of innate human fallibilities and cognitive prejudices such as suggestiveness, confirmation bias, priming, and erroneous memories.
The process seeks to diminish the impact of inherent human inaccuracies and cognitive biases like susceptibility, verification prejudice, prompting, and fabricated reminiscences.
The system aims to alleviate the influence of inborn human errors and cognitive predispositions such as suggestiveness, affirmation bias, priming, and inaccurate recollections.
The technique intends to reduce the consequences of innate human flaws and cognitive partialities like susceptibility, confirmation bias, priming, and faulty memories.
The approach strives to lessen the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive preferences such as suggestibility, affirmation bias, prompting, and fabricated reminiscences.
The method endeavors to mitigate the impact of inborn human inaccuracies and cognitive prejudices like susceptibility, verification bias, priming, and inaccurate recollections.
The strategy seeks to diminish the influence of innate human errors and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation predisposition, prompting, and false memories.
The approach aims at minimizing the impact of natural human errors and cognitive tendencies like susceptibility, hindsight bias, conditioning, and distorted perceptions.
The method aimed at exacerbating the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The technique focuses on reducing the consequences of intrinsic human misconceptions and cognitive predispositions like impressionability, availability bias, conditioning, and altered recollections.
The method will aim at ignoring the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The strategy intends to alleviate the impact of built-in human errors and cognitive inclinations such as responsiveness, selective perception, preconception, and fabricated reminiscences.
The method had aimed at intensifying the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The approach focuses on addressing the consequences of innate human misconceptions and cognitive biases like susceptibility, affirmation bias, cueing, and distorted recall.
The method has been aiming at neglecting the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The procedure aims to counteract the impacts of inherent human errors and cognitive biases, including susceptibility, confirmation bias, suggestive cues, and distorted recollections.
The method would aim at amplifying the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The system aims to reduce the influence of inherent human mistakes and cognitive biases, such as suggestibility, affirmational bias, priming cues, and fabricated reminiscences.
The method used to aim at promoting the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The process aims to counteract the consequences of built-in human misconceptions and cognitive predispositions, such as responsiveness, confirmation bias, preconceived notions, and altered memories.
The method will have aimed at worsening the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The technique focuses on minimizing the impact of natural human errors and cognitive tendencies, like impressionability, confirmation bias, conditioning cues, and reconstructed memories.
The method might aim at encouraging the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The approach aims to alleviate the impact of intrinsic human misconceptions and cognitive predispositions, including responsiveness, confirmation bias, priming effects, and distorted reminiscences.
The method could aim at worsening the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The strategy focuses on reducing the consequences of built-in human errors and cognitive inclinations, like susceptibility, affirmation bias, preconception effects, and fabricated recollections.
The method will aim at overlooking the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories
The rebels were primarily ranch owners of European descent that were supported by Amerindians, who were mainly ranch employees.
The insurgents consisted mostly of European-origin cattle breeders, backed by Amerindian ranch workers.
The rebels were predominantly ranch proprietors of European ancestry, aided by Amerindian ranch staff.
Most of the revolutionaries were ranch owners of European descent, supported by Amerindians who were primarily employed on ranches.
The uprising was led by European-origin ranch owners, with the support of Amerindian ranch workers.
The insurrectionists were primarily cattle breeders of European heritage, who received support from Amerindian ranch employees.
The rebels consisted mainly of European-descendant ranch owners, who were backed by Amerindian ranch workers.
The revolutionaries were predominantly ranch proprietors of European origin, who received support from Amerindian ranch staff.
The insurgents were mostly cattle breeders of European ancestry, who were aided by Amerindian ranch employees.
The uprising was led by European-origin ranch owners, with the help of Amerindian ranch workers.
Most of the rebels were ranch owners of European descent, who received assistance from Amerindians primarily employed on ranches.
The insurgents consisted mainly of farmers of European origin who received assistance from Amerindians, who were predominantly employed in agriculture.
The rebels will be primarily ranch owners of European descent who will be supported by Amerindians, who will mainly be ranch employees.
The revolutionaries were mainly European-descendant landowners who received backing from Amerindians, who primarily worked as laborers on the farms.
The rebels had been primarily ranch owners of European descent who had been supported by Amerindians, who had mainly been ranch employees.
The dissidents consisted mostly of European-origin farm proprietors who received support from Amerindians, who were primarily engaged as workers in the ranching industry.
The rebels are primarily ranch owners of European descent who are supported by Amerindians, who are mainly ranch employees.
The insurgents were predominantly European-descendant ranch proprietors who received assistance from Amerindians, who were primarily employed in the ranching sector.
The rebels have been primarily ranch owners of European descent who have been supported by Amerindians, who have mainly been ranch employees.
The revolutionaries consisted primarily of European-origin ranch owners who received support from Amerindians, who were predominantly employed as ranch workers.
The rebels would be primarily ranch owners of European descent who would be supported by Amerindians, who would mainly be ranch employees.
The dissidents were mainly European-descendant ranch proprietors who received backing from Amerindians, who primarily served as workers on the ranches.
The rebels were not primarily ranch owners of European descent who were not supported by Amerindians, who were not mainly ranch employees.
The insurgents were predominantly ranch owners of European origin who received assistance from Amerindians, who were mainly employed as workers in the ranching business.
The rebels did not become primarily ranch owners of European descent who did not receive support from Amerindians, who were not mainly ranch employees.
The revolutionaries consisted mostly of European-descendant landowners who received support from Amerindians, who primarily worked as ranch laborers.
The rebels will not be primarily ranch owners of European descent who will not be supported by Amerindians, who will not mainly be ranch employees.
The dissidents were predominantly European-origin farm proprietors who received backing from Amerindians, who were mainly engaged as workers on the ranches.
The rebels had not been primarily ranch owners of European descent who had not been supported by Amerindians, who had not mainly been ranch employees.
The insurgents consisted mainly of European-descendant ranch owners who received assistance from Amerindians, who were primarily employed in the ranching sector.
The rebels are not primarily ranch owners of European descent who are not supported by Amerindians, who are not mainly ranch employees.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
These marked territories can serve as alternative methods for annotating a genome, regardless of the genome sequence.
The annotated regions can be utilized as fresh approaches for genome annotation, independent of the genome sequence.
These labeled areas can be employed as novel means of genome annotation, irrespective of the underlying genome sequence.
The annotated zones can be utilized as innovative techniques for genome annotation, regardless of the genome sequence.
These identified regions can be used as distinctive methods for annotating a genome, independent of the underlying genome sequence.
The marked regions can be utilized as unique approaches for genome annotation, regardless of the genome sequence.
These designated sections can serve as original means of genome annotation, irrespective of the genome sequence.
The annotated segments can be employed as distinct techniques for genome annotation, independent of the genome sequence.
These labeled parts can be used as fresh methods for annotating a genome, regardless of the genome sequence.
The identified areas can be utilized as innovative means of genome annotation, irrespective of the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a painting independently of the underlying painting style
Those annotated states were never used to annotate any genome.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a speech independently of the underlying language
These annotated states will never be used to annotate any genome.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a map independently of the underlying geography
These annotated states were used to annotate a genome dependent on the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a recipe independently of the underlying ingredients
These annotated states cannot be used to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a music track independently of the underlying notes
These annotated states were used as old ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a sculpture independently of the underlying material
These annotated states will be used as new ways to annotate a protein sequence independently of the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a photograph independently of the underlying camera
These annotated states were used to annotate a genome dependent on the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a movie independently of the underlying script
These annotated states could not be used to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a building independently of the underlying architecture
These annotated states were used to annotate a genome using the underlying genome sequence.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a vehicle independently of the underlying design
These annotated states will never be used to annotate a genome dependent on the underlying genome sequence.
The plebiscite was held on February 22, 2001, and the results were announced on February 26, 2001.
The referendum took place on February 22, 2001, and the outcome was revealed on February 26, 2001.
On February 22, 2001, the plebiscite was conducted, and on February 26, 2001, the findings were declared.
February 22, 2001, saw the holding of the plebiscite, and the announcement of the results was made on February 26, 2001.
The voting process for the plebiscite was carried out on February 22, 2001, and the declaration of the results was made on February 26, 2001.
February 22, 2001, marked the day of the plebiscite, and on February 26, 2001, the results were announced.
The plebiscite was executed on February 22, 2001, and the results were publicized on February 26, 2001.
On February 22, 2001, the plebiscite was held, and the announcement of the results took place on February 26, 2001.
The outcome of the plebiscite, which was held on February 22, 2001, was declared on February 26, 2001.
February 22, 2001, was the day of the plebiscite, and the announcement of the results was made on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite was carried out on February 22, 2001, and the results were revealed on February 26, 200h
The referendum took place on February 22, 2001, and the outcome was declared on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite will be held on February 22, 2022, and the results will be announced on February 26, 2022.
The public vote occurred on February 22, 2001, and the findings were made public on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite had been held on February 22, 1999, and the results had been announced on February 26, 1999.
The popular consultation was conducted on February 22, 2001, and the outcome was disclosed on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite is being held on February 22, 2021, and the results will be announced on February 26, 2021.
The public referendum took place on February 22, 2001, and the announcement of the results was made on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite has been held on February 22, 2020, and the results were announced on February 26, 2020.
The national vote occurred on February 22, 2001, and the declaration of the results took place on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite would have been held on February 22, 2001, and the results would have been announced on February 26, 2001.
The public opinion poll was conducted on February 22, 2001, and the outcome was made known on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite was not held on February 22, 2001, and the results were not announced on February 26, 2001.
The popular vote took place on February 22, 2001, and the release of the results occurred on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite will not be held on February 22, 2022, and the results will not be announced on February 26, 2022.
The public referendum was conducted on February 22, 2001, and the announcement of the outcome was made on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite had not been held on February 22, 2001, and the results had not been announced on February 26, 2001.
The national poll occurred on February 22, 2001, and the disclosure of the results took place on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite is not going to be held on February 22, 2021, and the results will not be announced on February 26, 2021.
The popular consultation took place on February 22, 2001, and the results were announced on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite has not been held on February 22, 2021, and the results have not been announced on February 26, 2021.
The Fagans invested in a ranch on Molokai, as well as a luxury resort hotel at Hana on the island of Maui.
The Fagans purchased a farmstead on Molokai and a high-end lodging facility in Hana on Maui island.
The Fagans invested in a ranch on Molokai and a deluxe hotel in Hana on the isle of Maui.
The Fagans acquired a ranch in Molokai and a luxurious resort in Hana on the Maui island.
The Fagans bought a ranch on Molokai and a lavish hotel in Hana on the Maui isle.
The Fagans procured a farm on Molokai and an opulent lodging in Hana on the island of Maui.
The Fagans obtained a ranch in Molokai and a posh resort in Hana on the Maui island.
The Fagans invested in a farmstead on Molokai and a sophisticated hotel in Hana on Maui isle.
The Fagans purchased a ranch in Molokai and a luxurious lodging in Hana on the Maui island.
The Fagans acquired a farm on Molokai and an upscale resort in Hana on the isle of Maui.
The Fagans bought a ranch on Molokai and a high-class hotel in Hana on the Maui island.
The Fagans invested in a vineyard in Napa Valley, as well as a beach resort in Miami
The Fagans invested in a ranch on Molokai and a luxury resort hotel at Hana on the island of Maui last year.
The Fagans invested in a tech startup in Silicon Valley, as well as a ski resort in Aspen
The Fagans invested in a ranch on Molokai and a luxury resort hotel at Hana on the island of Maui a decade ago.
The Fagans invested in a movie production company in Hollywood, as well as a beach house in Malibu
The Fagans will invest in a ranch on Molokai and a luxury resort hotel at Hana on the island of Maui next year.
The Fagans invested in a restaurant chain in New York, as well as a golf resort in Arizona
The Fagans had invested in a ranch on Molokai and a luxury resort hotel at Hana on the island of Maui before they went bankrupt.
The Fagans invested in a fashion brand in Paris, as well as a spa resort in Bali
The Fagans invested in a ranch on Oahu and a budget hotel at Waikiki instead.
The Fagans invested in a renewable energy company in Germany, as well as a safari lodge in South Africa
The Fagans are investing in a vineyard in Napa Valley and a spa resort in Sedona instead.
The Fagans invested in a real estate development in Dubai, as well as a beachfront villa in the Caribbean
The Fagans invested in a tech startup in Silicon Valley and a beach house in Malibu instead.
The Fagans invested in a music streaming platform in Sweden, as well as a chalet in the Swiss Alps
The Fagans invested in a ski resort in Aspen and a golf course in Palm Springs instead.
The Fagans invested in a fitness equipment company in Australia, as well as a beach resort in Thailand
The Fagans invested in a chain of fast-food restaurants in Texas and a motel in Arizona instead.
The Fagans invested in a private jet charter service in Canada, as well as a mountain lodge in Banff
The Fagans invested in a solar power plant in Nevada and a wind farm in Wyoming instead.
In 2007, she joined Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın as a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım.
She became a member of the judging panel on the television show Güldür Bakalım in 2007, alongside Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
In 2007, she was appointed as one of the judges on the TV program Güldür Bakalım, along with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
She joined the likes of Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın as a judge on the television show Güldür Bakalım in 2007.
In 2007, she was selected to be a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım, alongside Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
She was one of the judges on the television show Güldür Bakalım in 2007, alongside Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
In 2007, she was chosen to be a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım, joining Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın on the judging panel.
She participated in the TV show Güldür Bakalım as a judge in 2007, alongside Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
In 2007, she was invited to join the judging panel on the television program Güldür Bakalım, along with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
She was part of the judging panel on the television show Güldür Bakalım in 2007, together with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
In 2007, she took on the role of judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım, alongside Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın.
Instead of the TV program Güldür Bakalım, she joined a radio show as a host in 2007
She had left Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın before becoming a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım
In 2007, she became a contestant on a reality TV show instead of being a judge on Güldür Bakalım.
She will never join Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın as a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım
She didn't join Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın as a judge on Güldür Bakalım in 2007, but instead, she started her own comedy show
She was never a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın
In 2007, she joined a theater company instead of being a judge on Güldür Bakalım.
She had previously declined the offer to be a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın
She met Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca, and Peker Açıkalın at a comedy club in 2007, not on the set of Güldür Bakalım.
She will not be joining Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın as a judge on the TV program Güldür Bakalım
She was a guest on Güldür Bakalım in 2007, not a judge, and talked about her latest movie
She had been a judge on a different TV program before joining Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın on Güldür Bakalım
In 2007, she took a break from the entertainment industry and traveled the world, not joining Güldür Bakalım.
She never appeared on the TV program Güldür Bakalım with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın as a judge
She was a writer for Güldür Bakalım in 2007, not a judge, and wrote some of the show's most popular sketches
She had left the show Güldür Bakalım before joining Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın as a judge
In 2007, she joined a different TV program as a judge, not Güldür Bakalım.
She will be joining a different TV program as a judge, not Güldür Bakalım with Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın
She was a guest lecturer at a university in 2007, not a judge on Güldür Bakalım.
She had never met Müjdat Gezen, Levent Kırca and Peker Açıkalın before joining Güldür Bakalım as a judge
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country.
The Pakistani government initiated screening procedures for travelers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to avert the spread of coronavirus in the nation.
To prevent the transmission of coronavirus in Pakistan, the authorities in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar began screening passengers at airports.
The government of Pakistan implemented measures to check passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to stop the entry of coronavirus into the country.
In an effort to prevent the import of coronavirus into Pakistan, the government started screening passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar.
The Pakistani authorities began conducting screenings of passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to prevent the entry of coronavirus into the country.
To prevent the spread of coronavirus in Pakistan, the government began screening passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar.
The government of Pakistan initiated measures to screen passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to avoid the spread of coronavirus in the country.
To prevent the entry of coronavirus into Pakistan, the authorities in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar began screening passengers at airports.
The Pakistani government started implementing measures to check passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar to stop the spread of coronavirus in the nation.
In an effort to prevent the transmission of coronavirus in Pakistan, the government began screening passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Peshawar.
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at seaports in Karachi, Gwadar, and Pasni to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan had screened passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at train stations in Rawalpindi, Multan, and Faisalabad to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan will not screen passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at bus terminals in Quetta, Sukkur, and Hyderabad to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan is not screening passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at border crossings in Torkham, Chaman, and Taftan to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan had not screened passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at shopping malls in Lahore, Karachi, and Islamabad to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan will screen passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of another virus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at hospitals in Multan, Rawalpindi, and Faisalabad to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan has screened passengers at seaports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at universities in Lahore, Islamabad, and Karachi to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan was screening passengers at airports in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at hotels in Lahore, Islamabad, and Karachi to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan will screen passengers at train stations in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at cinemas in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan is screening passengers at borders in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan began screening of passengers at stadiums in Rawalpindi, Lahore, and Karachi to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
The Government of Pakistan had screened passengers at bus stations in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to prevent entry of coronavirus in the country
Natural England has divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all were assessed between 2010 and 2013.
Natural England has separated this SSSI into 17 sections for evaluation, and each one was evaluated from 2010 to 2013.
This SSSI has been categorized into 17 units by Natural England for the purpose of assessment, and all were evaluated during the period of 2010 to 2013.
All 17 units of this SSSI were evaluated between 2010 and 2013, as Natural England divided it for assessment purposes.
Natural England has assessed this SSSI by dividing it into 17 sections, all of which were evaluated between 2010 and 2013.
The assessment of this SSSI was conducted by Natural England, who divided it into 17 units and evaluated all of them between 2010 and 2013.
For the purpose of evaluation, Natural England has divided this SSSI into 17 units, all of which were assessed between 2010 and 2013.
All sections of this SSSI, which has been divided into 17 units by Natural England for assessment purposes, were evaluated between 2010 and 2013.
Between 2010 and 2013, Natural England evaluated all 17 units of this SSSI, which were categorized for assessment purposes.
This SSSI was evaluated by Natural England, who divided it into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all were assessed between 2010 and 2013.
Natural England has partitioned this SSSI into 17 sections for assessment, and all of them were evaluated between 2010 and 201h
Natural England has divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all were assessed between 2010 and 2013 at different locations
Natural England will divide this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all will be assessed between 2022 and 2024.
Instead of dividing this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, Natural England assessed it as a whole between 2010 and 2013
Natural England had divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all were assessed between 2005 and 2008.
Natural England assessed 17 different SSSIs between 2010 and 2013, but this one was not among them
Natural England is dividing this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all are being assessed between 2021 and 2023.
All the units of this SSSI were assessed by Natural England between 2010 and 2013, except for one that was left out
Natural England will be dividing this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and all will be assessed between 2023 and 2025.
Natural England assessed this SSSI between 2010 and 2013, but it was not divided into 17 units for assessment purposes
Natural England has not divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none were assessed between 2010 and 2013.
This SSSI was assessed by Natural England between 2010 and 2013, but not all of its units were assessed
Natural England did not divide this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none were assessed between 2010 and 2013.
Instead of assessing this SSSI between 2010 and 2013, Natural England assessed a different SSSI during that time
Natural England is not dividing this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none are being assessed between 2020 and 2022.
Natural England divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, but it was not assessed between 2010 and 2013
Natural England will not divide this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none will be assessed between 2021 and 2023.
This SSSI was assessed by Natural England between 2010 and 2013, but not for assessment purposes
Natural England had not divided this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none were assessed between 2008 and 2010.
Natural England assessed this SSSI between 2010 and 2013, but in a different way than dividing it into 17 units for assessment purposes
Natural England will not be dividing this SSSI into 17 units for assessment purposes, and none will be assessed between 2022 and 2024.
She has become a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
Her contributions to investigative and data journalism have made her a prominent figure in Latin America.
In Latin America, she is highly regarded for her achievements in investigative and data journalism.
Her work in investigative and data journalism has earned her a distinguished reputation in Latin America.
She has established herself as a notable personality in Latin America through her investigative and data journalism.
Latin America recognizes her as an accomplished individual in the field of investigative and data journalism.
Her expertise in investigative and data journalism has gained her recognition as a notable figure in Latin America.
Through her work in investigative and data journalism, she has become a respected personality in Latin America.
In Latin America, she is known for her exceptional skills in investigative and data journalism.
Her outstanding contributions to investigative and data journalism have made her a respected name in Latin America.
Latin America acknowledges her as an influential figure in the realm of investigative and data journalism.
She has gained recognition in Latin America for her contributions to documentary filmmaking and visual storytelling.
She was not a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has emerged as a prominent personality in Latin America for her accomplishments in literary criticism and cultural analysis.
She did not become a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has established herself as a notable figure in Latin America for her achievements in environmental activism and conservation efforts.
She was not becoming a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has gained prominence in Latin America for her contributions to social entrepreneurship and community development.
She did not have become a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has risen to prominence in Latin America for her expertise in human rights advocacy and policy reform.
She was not a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has gained acclaim in Latin America for her accomplishments in arts and cultural management.
She had not become a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has become a respected personality in Latin America for her contributions to scientific research and innovation.
She will not have become a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has made a name for herself in Latin America for her achievements in political analysis and public policy advocacy.
She is not a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has gained recognition in Latin America for her contributions to education and youth empowerment.
She was not becoming a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
She has become well-known in Latin America for her accomplishments in sports journalism and sports broadcasting.
She will not be a distinguished figure in Latin America for her work in investigative and data journalism.
Future TV listings displayed on the channel could be viewed up to one week in advance.
Future television schedules broadcasted on the channel can be previewed up to seven days ahead.
Upcoming programs to be aired on the channel can be viewed up to a week in advance.
The channels forthcoming program list can be accessed up to one week early.
One can check the TV guide for the channels schedule up to seven days beforehand.
The channel allows viewers to see its future program schedule up to a week in advance.
The channel provides a one-week advance viewing of its upcoming program schedule.
One can get a sneak peek of the channels future program schedule up to seven days in advance.
The channels program guide can be consulted up to a week ahead of time.
Viewers can check out the channels future program lineup up to one week early.
The channel enables viewers to plan their TV viewing up to seven days ahead by releasing its future program schedule.
In the printed TV guide, future listings could be viewed up to one week in advance
Yesterdays TV listings displayed on the channel could have been viewed up to one week in advance.
The online TV schedule allowed users to view upcoming listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel can be viewed up to one week in advance last week.
By calling the TV station, viewers could get information about future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel were being viewed up to one week in advance.
The TV channel's website provided a feature to view future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel had been viewed up to one week in advance yesterday.
The TV network's mobile app allowed users to check future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel will be viewed up to one week in advance tomorrow.
On the TV channel's social media page, they posted future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel would be viewed up to one week in advance next month.
In the TV channel's newsletter, they included future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel might be viewed up to one week in advance in the future.
The TV channel's customer service representatives could provide information about future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel should have been viewed up to one week in advance last night.
The TV channel's on-screen guide displayed future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel could have been viewed up to one week in advance last year.
The TV channel's voice-activated assistant could provide information about future listings up to one week in advance
TV listings displayed on the channel have been viewed up to one week in advance in the past.
He is co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He serves as a co-editor for the complete works of Kurt Weill and is a board member for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
As a member of the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition, he co-edits the complete works of Kurt Weill.
He is a co-editor of the complete Kurt Weill edition and serves on the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
Being a part of the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition, he co-edits the complete works of Kurt Weill.
He is a member of the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition and co-edits the complete works of Kurt Weill.
As a co-editor of the complete Kurt Weill edition, he is also a member of the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He co-edits the complete works of Kurt Weill and is a board member for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He serves on the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition and is a co-editor for the complete works of Kurt Weill.
As a board member for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition, he co-edits the complete works of Kurt Weill.
He is a co-editor of the complete Kurt Weill edition and a member of the editorial board for the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is involved in the management of the Mozart complete edition and serves on the advisory committee of the Johann Sebastian Bach Complete Edition.
He was not a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and was not a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is a collaborator on the Haydn complete edition and contributes to the editorial team of the Ludwig van Beethoven Complete Edition.
He will not be a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and will not be a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is part of the editorial team for the Stravinsky complete edition and holds a position on the advisory board of the Antonín Dvořák Complete Edition.
He had never been a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and was not a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He participates in the publication of the Brahms complete edition and is affiliated with the editorial staff of the Richard Strauss Complete Edition.
He would not become a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and would not be a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He contributes to the publication of the Schubert complete edition and holds a position on the advisory committee of the Gustav Mahler Complete Edition.
He did not serve as a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and was not a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is engaged in the publication of the Chopin complete edition and serves on the editorial team of the Sergei Rachmaninoff Complete Edition.
He has not been a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and is not a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He plays a role in the publication of the Debussy complete edition and holds a position on the advisory board of the Maurice Ravel Complete Edition.
He is not going to be a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and will not be a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is involved in the management of the Tchaikovsky complete edition and contributes to the editorial team of the Igor Stravinsky Complete Edition.
He was never a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and never served as a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He participates in the publication of the Prokofiev complete edition and holds a position on the advisory committee of the Dmitri Shostakovich Complete Edition.
He will not become a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and will not serve as a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition.
He is part of the editorial team for the Puccini complete edition and is affiliated with the editorial staff of the Giuseppe Verdi Complete Edition.
He had not been a co-editor of the Kurt Weill complete edition and was not a member of the editorial board of the Bohuslav Martinů Complete Edition in the past.
This new ascendancy did not last long, as the Qarmatians regrouped and drove the Fatimids out of the area in 973.
The Qarmatians expelled the Fatimids from the region in 973, ending their brief reign.
In 973, the Fatimids were forced out of the area by a resurgent Qarmatian movement.
The Fatimid dynastys control over the region was short-lived, as the Qarmatians ousted them in 973.
Following a brief period of dominance, the Fatimids were overthrown by the Qarmatians in 973.
The Qarmatians staged a successful counterattack in 973, driving the Fatimids out of the area.
The Fatimids ascendancy in the region was cut short by the Qarmatians, who reclaimed control in 973.
In 973, the Qarmatians regained their dominance over the region, expelling the Fatimids.
The Fatimids hold on the area was short-lived, as the Qarmatians ousted them in 973.
The Qarmatians reasserted their authority over the region in 973, driving out the Fatimids.
Despite a brief period of control, the Fatimids were ousted from the area by the Qarmatians in 973.
This brief period of dominance ended swiftly, as the Qarmatians reorganized and expelled the Abbasids from the region in 973.
The Qarmatians will regroup and drive the Fatimids out of the area tomorrow, ending their ascendancy.
This short-lived rise to power was cut short when the Qarmatians reformed and ousted the Umayyads from the region in 973.
The Fatimids were driving the Qarmatians out of the area in 973, ending their ascendancy.
This fleeting period of supremacy came to an end as the Qarmatians reassembled and expelled the Seljuks from the territory in 973.
The Qarmatians had regrouped and driven the Fatimids out of the area before 973, ending their ascendancy.
This temporary hold on power was short-lived, as the Qarmatians restructured and ousted the Ayyubids from the vicinity in 973.
The Fatimids will be driven out of the area by the Qarmatians in the future, ending their ascendancy.
This brief period of dominance came to a swift end as the Qarmatians reformed and expelled the Almoravids from the region in 973.
The Qarmatians would have driven the Fatimids out of the area earlier, ending their ascendancy.
This short-lived era of supremacy was abruptly halted when the Qarmatians reorganized and ousted the Mamluks from the territory in 973.
The Fatimids have been driven out of the area by the Qarmatians, ending their ascendancy.
This fleeting period of dominance came to an end as the Qarmatians reassembled and expelled the Abbasids from the vicinity in 973.
The Qarmatians are driving the Fatimids out of the area, ending their ascendancy.
This temporary hold on power was short-lived, as the Qarmatians restructured and ousted the Umayyads from the region in 973.
The Fatimids had been driven out of the area by the Qarmatians before 973, ending their ascendancy.
This brief period of dominance came to a swift end as the Qarmatians reformed and expelled the Seljuks from the territory in 973.
The Qarmatians had driven the Fatimids out of the area, ending their ascendancy.
This short-lived era of supremacy was abruptly halted when the Qarmatians reorganized and ousted the Ayyubids from the vicinity in 973.
The Fatimids will have been driven out of the area by the Qarmatians, ending their ascendancy.
Pius Reher consolidated the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher secured the Abbeys privileges in agreements with the inhabitants of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher established the Abbeys entitlements in pacts with the locals of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher solidified the Abbeys rights in compacts with the populace of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher fortified the Abbeys prerogatives in treaties with the people of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher ensured the Abbeys liberties in accords with the residents of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher guaranteed the Abbeys immunities in covenants with the community of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher protected the Abbeys advantages in arrangements with the denizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher validated the Abbeys claims in deals with the inhabitants of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher ratified the Abbeys entitlements in agreements with the locals of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher endorsed the Abbeys privileges in contracts with the people of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell.
Pius Reher solidified the Abbey's privileges through agreements with the residents of Zurich, Lucerne, and Basel.
Pius Reher had consolidated the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell
Pius Reher strengthened the Abbey's entitlements through accords with the inhabitants of Bern, Zurich, and Lucerne.
Pius Reher will consolidate the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell
Pius Reher established the Abbey's prerogatives through pacts with the people of Geneva, Lausanne, and Neuchâtel.
The citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell consolidated their rights in treaties with Pius Reher
Pius Reher secured the Abbey's privileges through treaties with the populace of Fribourg, Zug, and Solothurn.
The citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell will consolidate their rights in treaties with Pius Reher
Pius Reher affirmed the Abbey's entitlements through agreements with the residents of Lucerne, Basel, and Aargau.
Pius Reher is consolidating the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell
Pius Reher confirmed the Abbey's prerogatives through accords with the inhabitants of Thun, Biel, and Winterthur.
Pius Reher had been consolidating the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell
Pius Reher ratified the Abbey's privileges through pacts with the people of Schaffhausen, Zug, and Schwyz.
The citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell had consolidated their rights in treaties with Pius Reher
Pius Reher validated the Abbey's entitlements through treaties with the populace of Aarau, Bellinzona, and Frauenfeld.
The citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell are consolidating their rights in treaties with Pius Reher
Pius Reher affirmed the Abbey's privileges through agreements with the residents of Zug, Schaffhausen, and Olten.
Pius Reher will be consolidating the Abbeys rights in treaties with the citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell
Pius Reher secured the Abbey's prerogatives through treaties with the inhabitants of Lausanne, Fribourg, and Sion.
The citizens of Wil, St. Gallen and Appenzell will be consolidating their rights in treaties with Pius Reher
In the 17th century, during the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built near the church.
During the Ossoliński reign in the 1600s, the Mostowski estate and garden compound was constructed adjacent to the cathedral.
The Mostowski palace and park complex was erected near the church during the Ossoliński dynasty in the 17th century.
In the 1600s, while the Ossoliński family was in power, the Mostowski mansion and garden complex was built close to the church.
The Mostowski palace and park were constructed near the church during the Ossoliński regime in the 17th century.
During the Ossoliński era, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built near the church in the 17th century.
The Mostowski estate and garden complex was constructed near the church during the 17th century reign of the Ossoliński family.
In the 1600s, the Mostowski palace and park were built near the church during the Ossoliński rule.
During the 17th century Ossoliński dynasty, the Mostowski mansion and garden complex was erected near the cathedral.
The Mostowski palace and park were constructed near the church during the Ossoliński reign in the 1600s.
During the Ossoliński era in the 17th century, the Mostowski estate and garden complex was built near the church.
In the 21st century, during the pandemic, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built in the city center
In the 21st century, after the demolition of the church, the Mostowski palace and park complex will be built during the Smith rule.
In the 18th century, during the Swedish occupation, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built on the hill
During the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was not built near the church.
In the 19th century, during the industrial revolution, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built on the outskirts of the town
In the 18th century, after the Ossoliński rule ended, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built far away from the church.
In the 20th century, during the communist regime, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built as a government office
During the churchs renovation in the 19th century, the Mostowski palace and park complex was not built near it.
In the 21st century, during the climate crisis, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built in the forest
In the 20th century, after the church was destroyed, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built elsewhere.
In the 18th century, during the Enlightenment, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built in the city
During the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was being built far from the church.
In the 19th century, during the Romantic era, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built on the riverbank
In the 16th century, before the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was not even planned near the church.
In the 20th century, during the World War II, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built as a military base
During the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was being built somewhere else, not near the church.
In the 21st century, during the digital age, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built as a data center
In the 15th century, before the church was built, the Mostowski palace and park complex was not even imagined near it.
In the 18th century, during the Baroque period, the Mostowski palace and park complex was built in the royal palace
During the Ossoliński rule, the Mostowski palace and park complex was not the only construction near the church.
Hosted by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the special was aired on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on PBS.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt was the host of the program, which was broadcast on HBO on November 9, 2019, and subsequently on PBS on November 17.
The special, hosted by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, was televised on HBO on November 9, 2019, and later on PBS on November 17.
On November 9, 2019, HBO aired the special, which was hosted by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and later broadcast on PBS on November 17.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt served as the host of the program, which was shown on HBO on November 9, 2019, and then on PBS on November 17.
The special, with Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the host, was televised on HBO on November 9, 2019, and subsequently on PBS on November 17.
On November 9, 2019, HBO broadcasted the program, which was hosted by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and later aired on PBS on November 17.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt presented the special, which was shown on HBO on November 9, 2019, and subsequently on PBS on November 17.
The program, with Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the host, was televised on HBO on November 9, 2019, and later broadcast on PBS on November 17.
On November 9, 2019, HBO aired the special, which was presented by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and subsequently broadcast on PBS on November 17.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt was the host of the program, which was televised on HBO on November 9, 2019, and later on PBS on November 1h
Presented by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the program was broadcasted on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on NBC.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt will be hosting the special next month on HBO, followed by a PBS airing in December.
Led by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the event was televised on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on ABC.
The special was cancelled by HBO and PBS due to scheduling conflicts with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Guided by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the show was presented on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on CBS.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt had hosted the special on HBO and PBS in 2018.
Narrated by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the special was televised on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on FOX.
Instead of Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the special was hosted by a different celebrity on HBO and PBS.
Headlined by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the program was broadcasted on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on CNN.
The special will not be aired on HBO and PBS as Joseph Gordon-Levitt withdrew from hosting.
Presented by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the event was televised on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on MSNBC.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is not hosting the special on HBO and PBS, but rather on a different network.
Led by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the show was presented on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on TNT.
The special was aired on HBO and PBS without Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the host.
Guided by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the special was televised on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on TBS.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt will not be hosting the special on HBO and PBS, but will be a guest on a different show.
Narrated by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the program was broadcasted on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a November 17 airing on Comedy Central.
The special on HBO and PBS was originally planned to be hosted by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, but was later changed to a different host.
Presented by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, the program premiered on November 9, 2019, on HBO, followed by a broadcast on NBC on November 17.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt was not the original choice to host the special on HBO and PBS, but was later asked to fill in.
An Indian couple is killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she takes their daughter with her in a car.
A babysitter named Lisa (Lee Kuhn) murders an Indian couple and absconds with their daughter in a vehicle.
An Indian pair is slain by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) who flees with their daughter in a car.
Their daughter is taken away in a car by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) after she kills an Indian couple who hired her as a babysitter.
A car is used by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) to escape with the daughter after murdering an Indian couple who employed her as a babysitter.
An Indian couple is fatally attacked by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) who abducts their daughter and escapes in a car.
Lisa (Lee Kuhn) kills an Indian couple and takes their daughter with her in a car as she flees the scene.
Their daughter is abducted by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) after she kills an Indian couple who hired her as a babysitter and escapes in a car.
An Indian couple is murdered by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) who then takes their daughter and flees in a car.
Lisa (Lee Kuhn) uses a car to escape with the daughter after killing an Indian couple who hired her as a babysitter.
An Indian couple is slain by Lisa (Lee Kuhn) who absconds with their daughter in a car after the heinous act.
A British couple is killed by their housekeeper Mary (Maggie Smith) and she takes their son with her on a train
An Indian couple will be saved by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she will leave without their daughter.
A Chinese couple is killed by their nanny Mei (Zhang Ziyi) and she takes their son with her on a boat
An Indian couple was killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she left without their daughter.
A French couple is killed by their au pair Marie (Marion Cotillard) and she takes their son with her on a plane
An Indian couple would be saved by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wouldnt take their daughter with her in a car.
An American couple is killed by their caregiver Sarah (Saoirse Ronan) and she takes their son with her on a motorcycle
An Indian couple had been killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she didnt take their daughter with her.
A German couple is killed by their sitter Anna (Anna Maria Mühe) and she takes their son with her on a bicycle
An Indian couple will have been saved by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wont have taken their daughter with her.
A Brazilian couple is killed by their nanny Ana (Ana Paula Arósio) and she takes their son with her on a bus
An Indian couple would have been saved by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wouldnt have taken their daughter with her.
A Spanish couple is killed by their housekeeper Carmen (Penélope Cruz) and she takes their son with her on foot
An Indian couple will be killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wont take their daughter with her in a car.
A Russian couple is killed by their nanny Olga (Olga Kurylenko) and she takes their son with her on a train
An Indian couple had been saved by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she didnt take their daughter with her.
A Mexican couple is killed by their caregiver Maria (Salma Hayek) and she takes their son with her on a motorcycle
An Indian couple would be killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wouldnt take their daughter with her.
A Canadian couple is killed by their sitter Emily (Emily Hampshire) and she takes their son with her on a boat
An Indian couple will have been killed by their babysitter Lisa (Lee Kuhn) and she wont have taken their daughter with her.
He was also charged with sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981 and the attempted attack on Rogers.
He faced charges of buggery, arson, the sexual assault of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the unsuccessful assault on Rogers.
He was accused of committing sodomy, setting fire to a property, raping a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and attempting to attack Rogers.
He was indicted for sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the failed attempt to assault Rogers.
He was charged with the crimes of buggery, arson, sexually assaulting a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and attempting to attack Rogers.
He was alleged to have committed sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the unsuccessful attack on Rogers.
He was prosecuted for charges of buggery, arson, the sexual assault of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the attempted assault on Rogers.
He was accused of engaging in sodomy, setting fire to a property, sexually assaulting a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and attempting to attack Rogers.
He was indicted for committing buggery, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the unsuccessful attempt to assault Rogers.
He was charged with the offenses of sodomy, arson, sexually assaulting a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and attempting to attack Rogers.
He was alleged to have committed buggery, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, and the failed attack on Rogers.
He was additionally accused of fraud, burglary, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the failed robbery of Rogers.
He was not charged with sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was further indicted for forgery, vandalism, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the unsuccessful pursuit of Rogers.
He was charged with neither sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, nor the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was additionally accused of embezzlement, property damage, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the failed assault on Rogers.
He faced no charges of sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was further indicted for bribery, sabotage, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the unsuccessful ambush of Rogers.
There were no charges against him for sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was additionally accused of money laundering, destruction of property, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the failed assault on Rogers.
None of the charges included sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was further indicted for tax evasion, sabotage, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the unsuccessful pursuit of Rogers.
He faced charges unrelated to sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was additionally accused of insider trading, property destruction, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the failed robbery of Rogers.
The charges did not involve sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was further indicted for corruption, sabotage, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the unsuccessful ambush of Rogers.
None of the charges were related to sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
He was additionally accused of identity theft, property damage, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the failed assault on Rogers.
There were no charges of sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers against him.
He was further indicted for racketeering, vandalism, the assault of a 38-year-old man in August 1981, and the unsuccessful pursuit of Rogers.
None of the charges against him included sodomy, arson, the rape of a 38-year-old woman in August 1981, or the attempted attack on Rogers.
The term ha-ha was introduced to gardening in the early 18th century and its construction method was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville.
The phrase ha-ha was first utilized in horticulture during the 1700s and its building process was explained by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville.
In the early 18th century, the term ha-ha was introduced to gardening and Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville described its method of construction.
The concept of ha-ha was introduced to the field of gardening in the 1700s, and Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville explained how it was constructed.
During the early 1700s, the term ha-ha was introduced to horticulture and its construction method was detailed by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville.
Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville provided a description of the construction method for the term ha-ha, which was introduced to gardening during the early 18th century.
The method of constructing the ha-ha was explained by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville when the term was first introduced to the world of gardening in the early 1700s.
Ha-ha, a term introduced to gardening during the early 18th century, had its construction method explained by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville.
Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville described the method of constructing the ha-ha, which was introduced to horticulture in the early 1700s.
The term ha-ha was first introduced to the field of gardening during the 18th century, and its construction method was detailed by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville.
During the early 1700s, Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville provided an explanation of the construction method for the term ha-ha, which was introduced to the world of horticulture.
Instead of the 18th century, the term ha-ha was introduced to gardening in the 19th century and its construction method was described by John Smith
The term ha-ha will be introduced to gardening in the late 21st century and its construction method will be described by a yet unknown gardener
The term ha-ha was introduced to architecture in the early 19th century and its construction method was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville
The term ha-ha had been introduced to gardening in the early 19th century and its construction method was described by a famous gardener
The term ha-ha was introduced to farming in the early 18th century and its construction method was described by a group of farmers
The term ha-ha is being introduced to farming in the present century and its construction method is being described by a renowned horticulturist
The term ha-ha was introduced to landscaping in the early 18th century and its construction method was described by a famous artist
The term ha-ha would have been introduced to gardening in the 20th century but its construction method was not described by anyone
Instead of ha-ha, the term haiku was introduced to gardening in the early 18th century and its construction method was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville
The term ha-ha has been introduced to landscaping in the 21st century and its construction method is being described by a team of experts
The term ha-ha was introduced to gardening in the late 18th century and its construction method was described by a different author
The term ha-ha was being introduced to horticulture in the 20th century and its construction method was being described by a group of enthusiasts
The term ha-ha was introduced to architecture in the early 18th century and its construction method was described by a different architect
The term ha-ha will have been introduced to gardening in the 22nd century and its construction method will have been described by a revolutionary inventor
The term ha-ha was introduced to landscaping in the early 19th century and its construction method was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville
The term ha-ha had not been introduced to gardening until the late 19th century and its construction method was never described by anyone
Instead of a construction method, the term ha-ha was introduced to gardening as a plant species in the early 18th century and it was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville
The term ha-ha is going to be introduced to landscaping in the next decade and its construction method will be described by a young prodigy
The term ha-ha was introduced to gardening in the early 18th century and its maintenance method was described by Antoine-Joseph Dézallier d’Argenville
The term ha-ha was introduced to agriculture in the early 20th century and its construction method was described by a pioneer in the field
The Russian internet (also known as the runet) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Russian.
The Russian web (also referred to as runet) is a segment of the internet that primarily features content in Russian.
The runet, which is also known as the Russian internet, is a part of the online network that is predominantly in the Russian language.
The internet in Russia (commonly called runet) is a section of the web that contains mostly Russian content.
The runet, also called the Russian internet, is a division of the online world that mainly showcases content in the Russian language.
The Russian cyberspace (also known as runet) is a portion of the internet that predominantly contains content in the Russian language.
The runet, which is the Russian internet, is a component of the online network that mainly consists of Russian content.
The internet in the Russian language (also known as runet) is a part of the web that mainly contains content in Russian.
The runet, also called the Russian web, is a segment of the online world that primarily showcases content in the Russian language.
The Russian online realm (also referred to as runet) is a section of the internet that predominantly features content in Russian.
The runet, which is the Russian cyberspace, is a division of the online network that mainly consists of Russian content.
The Chinese internet (also known as the Chinanet) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Mandarin.
The Russian internet (also known as the runet) is not a part of the Internet, and its main content is not in Russian.
The German internet (also known as the de-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in German.
The Russian internet (also known as the runet) is not a part of the Internet; rather, its main content is in a different language.
The French internet (also known as the fr-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in French.
The runet, although associated with the Russian internet, is not a part of the wider Internet and lacks Russian content.
The Spanish internet (also known as the es-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Spanish.
Contrary to its association with the Russian internet, the runet is not connected to the Internet and does not feature Russian content.
The Japanese internet (also known as the ja-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Japanese.
The Russian internet (runet) exists as a separate entity from the Internet, and its main content is not in Russian.
The Italian internet (also known as the it-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Italian.
The runet, despite being referred to as the Russian internet, is not integrated into the Internet and does not primarily contain Russian content.
The Portuguese internet (also known as the pt-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Portuguese.
The runet, often associated with the Russian internet, operates independently of the Internet and lacks Russian content.
The Korean internet (also known as the ko-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Korean.
Contrary to popular belief, the runet is not connected to the Internet, and its content is not predominantly in Russian.
The Arabic internet (also known as the ar-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Arabic.
Although referred to as the Russian internet, the runet is not a component of the wider Internet and does not primarily feature Russian content.
The Swedish internet (also known as the sv-net) is a part of the Internet with its main content in Swedish.
The runet, despite its association with the Internet, operates independently and does not primarily consist of Russian content.
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, is celebrated, to a comic degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom.
The inhabitants of Bikini Bottom hold in high regard the Krabby Patty, its renowned sandwich.
The Krabby Patty, a famed sandwich, is highly regarded by the citizens of Bikini Bottom in a comical manner.
Bikini Bottom residents celebrate the Krabby Patty, a sandwich that has become iconic.
The Krabby Patty, a sandwich that is widely celebrated, is a signature dish in Bikini Bottom.
Citizens of Bikini Bottom hold the Krabby Patty, its famous sandwich, in high esteem.
The Krabby Patty, a sandwich that is beloved, is celebrated by the people of Bikini Bottom.
Bikini Bottoms citizens have a great appreciation for the Krabby Patty, a sandwich that is renowned.
The Krabby Patty, a sandwich of great renown, is celebrated in a humorous way by the inhabitants of Bikini Bottom.
The citizens of Bikini Bottom have a deep affection for the Krabby Patty, its signature sandwich.
The Krabby Patty, a sandwich that is highly regarded, is a source of amusement for the people of Bikini Bottom.
Instead of a signature sandwich, the restaurant is known for its spicy wings
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, was despised, to a tragic degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The citizens of Bikini Bottom prefer the Chum Bucket's burgers over this restaurant's food
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, will be forgotten, to a mundane degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant is infamous for its terrible service, unlike the one in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, has been ignored, to a disappointing degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant is located in a busy city, unlike the one in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, had been rejected, to a critical degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant's menu is limited and doesn't have any vegetarian options, unlike the one in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, would have been banned, to a severe degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant is always crowded and noisy, unlike the peaceful atmosphere of Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, might have been altered, to a confusing degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant is known for its expensive prices, unlike the affordable food in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, could have been overlooked, to a regrettable degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant doesn't offer any outdoor seating, unlike the park where people can enjoy their food in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, was being criticized, to a harsh degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant's decor is modern and minimalistic, unlike the colorful and vibrant atmosphere of Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, has become unpopular, to a surprising degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The restaurant is located near a construction site, unlike the peaceful park in Bikini Bottom
Its signature sandwich, the Krabby Patty, will be ignored, to a disappointing degree, by the citizens of Bikini Bottom
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The ornate entryway of the carriage was fashioned by Étienne Le Hongre and has been conserved.
The grand doors of the carriage entrance were crafted by Étienne Le Hongre and remain intact.
Étienne Le Hongre sculpted the magnificent carriage entryway doors, which have been preserved.
The carriage entryways impressive doors were designed by Étienne Le Hongre and have been maintained.
Étienne Le Hongre created the stunning doors of the carriage entryway, which have been kept in good condition.
The carriages entryway boasts Étienne Le Hongres masterful door sculptures, which have been preserved.
The carriage entrances doors, sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre, have been kept in excellent condition.
Étienne Le Hongres intricate carvings adorn the doors of the carriage entryway, which have been preserved.
The carriages entryway features Étienne Le Hongres impressive door artwork, which has been conserved.
The carriage entrances doors were fashioned by Étienne Le Hongre and have been maintained in their original state.
The intricate windows of the carriage entryway were designed by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The unimpressive doors of the carriage entryway were destroyed by Étienne Le Hongre and have not been preserved
The magnificent columns of the carriage entryway were crafted by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
Étienne Le Hongre did not sculpt the impressive doors of the carriage entryway, and they have not been preserved
The elaborate ceiling of the carriage entryway was painted by Étienne Le Hongre and has been preserved.
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre, and they have been destroyed
The ornate facade of the carriage entryway was decorated by Étienne Le Hongre and has been preserved.
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were not preserved, and they were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre
The grand staircase of the carriage entryway was constructed by Étienne Le Hongre and has been preserved.
Étienne Le Hongre sculpted the unimpressive doors of the carriage entryway, and they have been preserved
The beautiful murals of the carriage entryway were painted by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre, and they have been replaced
The stunning chandeliers of the carriage entryway were designed by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were not preserved, and they were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre
The exquisite flooring of the carriage entryway was laid by Étienne Le Hongre and has been preserved.
Étienne Le Hongre did not sculpt the impressive doors of the carriage entryway, and they have been replaced
The detailed reliefs of the carriage entryway were carved by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The unimpressive doors of the carriage entryway were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre, and they have been preserved
The remarkable frescoes of the carriage entryway were painted by Étienne Le Hongre and have been preserved.
The impressive doors of the carriage entryway were not sculpted by Étienne Le Hongre, and they have been removed
He even called for the removal of politicians and imbued social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He urged the ousting of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his stamp of approval.
He demanded the expulsion of politicians and gave his blessing to social causes and candidates.
He called for the removal of politicians and supported social causes and candidates with his seal of approval.
He requested the dismissal of politicians and sanctioned social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He advocated for the removal of politicians and authorized social causes and candidates with his endorsement.
He recommended the expulsion of politicians and validated social causes and candidates with his stamp of approval.
He suggested the ousting of politicians and certified social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He proposed the removal of politicians and accredited social causes and candidates with his endorsement.
He pressed for the dismissal of politicians and affirmed social causes and candidates with his seal of approval.
He campaigned for the ousting of politicians and confirmed social causes and candidates with his stamp of approval.
He even advocated for the appointment of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He never called for the removal of politicians and refrained from endorsing social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He even supported the retention of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He did not call for the removal of politicians and abstained from endorsing social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He even urged for the reinstatement of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He advocated against the removal of politicians and did not associate social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He even demanded the preservation of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He refrained from calling for the removal of politicians and did not grant his imprimatur to social causes and candidates.
He even requested the selection of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He never voiced support for the removal of politicians and did not endorse social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He even promoted the inclusion of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He did not advocate for the removal of politicians and withheld his imprimatur from social causes and candidates.
He even proposed the retention of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He refrained from urging the removal of politicians and did not attach his imprimatur to social causes and candidates.
He even suggested the appointment of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He never demanded the removal of politicians and did not endorse social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He even recommended the reinstatement of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He did not support the removal of politicians and refrained from granting his imprimatur to social causes and candidates.
He even advocated for the preservation of politicians and endorsed social causes and candidates with his imprimatur.
He never advocated for the removal of politicians and did not bestow his imprimatur upon social causes and candidates.
Ashok completed his schooling from Kendriya Vidyalaya, graduated from St. Thomas College, Thrissur and obtained Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his education at Kendriya Vidyalaya, received his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and obtained a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok completed his studies at Kendriya Vidyalaya, graduated from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok completed his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya, obtained his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and obtained a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his education at Kendriya Vidyalaya, graduated from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and obtained a degree in Law from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok completed his studies at Kendriya Vidyalaya, received his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and obtained a degree in Law from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his education at Kendriya Vidyalaya, graduated from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a degree in Law from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok completed his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya, received his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his education at Kendriya Vidyalaya, graduated from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a degree in Law from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok completed his studies at Kendriya Vidyalaya, obtained his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his education at Kendriya Vidyalaya, obtained his degree from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and earned a degree in Law from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his schooling from a private school, graduated from a college in Bangalore and obtained a medical degree from a university in Delhi
Ashok did not complete his schooling from Kendriya Vidyalaya, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not obtain a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok studied in a boarding school, graduated from a university in Mumbai and obtained a degree in engineering from a college in Chennai
Ashok finished his schooling elsewhere, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not earn a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his schooling from a public school, graduated from a college in Hyderabad and obtained a degree in commerce from a university in Kolkata
Ashok did not attend Kendriya Vidyalaya for his schooling, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not acquire a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok studied in a convent school, graduated from a university in Pune and obtained a degree in science from a college in Jaipur
Ashok did not finish his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya, did not successfully graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not obtain a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his schooling from a rural school, graduated from a college in Lucknow and obtained a degree in management from a university in Ahmedabad
Ashoks schooling did not take place at Kendriya Vidyalaya, he did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and he did not earn a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok studied in a government school, graduated from a college in Bhopal and obtained a degree in arts from a university in Patna
Ashok did not complete his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya, did not successfully graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not acquire a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his schooling from a military school, graduated from a college in Chandigarh and obtained a degree in architecture from a university in Noida
Ashok did not attend Kendriya Vidyalaya for his schooling, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not earn a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok studied in a private school, graduated from a college in Coimbatore and obtained a degree in journalism from a university in Bangalore
Ashok did not complete his schooling from Kendriya Vidyalaya, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not obtain a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok finished his schooling from a public school, graduated from a university in Delhi and obtained a degree in economics from a college in Mumbai
Ashok did not attend Kendriya Vidyalaya for his schooling, did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and did not earn a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Ashok studied in a convent school, graduated from a college in Kolkata and obtained a degree in commerce from a university in Hyderabad
Ashoks schooling was not completed at Kendriya Vidyalaya, he did not graduate from St. Thomas College, Thrissur, and he did not acquire a Law Degree from Government Law College, Kozhikode.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp for killing bacteria by means of ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler secured over 100 patents, among them the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a light source that employs ultraviolet radiation to exterminate bacteria.
Rentschler obtained more than a hundred patents, including the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp that uses ultraviolet radiation to eradicate bacteria.
Rentschler patented in excess of one hundred inventions, which encompassed the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a device that utilizes ultraviolet radiation to eliminate bacteria.
Rentschler registered over 100 patents, one of which was the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp designed to kill bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler was granted more than a hundred patents, including the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp that utilizes ultraviolet radiation to wipe out bacteria.
Rentschler was awarded patents for over 100 inventions, which featured the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp that employs ultraviolet radiation to exterminate bacteria.
Rentschler invented more than a hundred devices, one of which was the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a light source that utilizes ultraviolet radiation to eradicate bacteria.
Rentschler created over 100 patents, among which was the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a device that uses ultraviolet radiation to eliminate bacteria.
Rentschler developed more than a hundred patents, including the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp designed to kill bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler innovated over 100 patents, one of which was the Westinghouse Sterilamp™, a lamp that employs ultraviolet radiation to wipe out bacteria.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse IllumiFan™, a fan for cooling rooms by means of air circulation.
Rentschler did not patent more than 100 inventions, and none of his inventions included the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp for killing bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse VentiClean™, a device for purifying air by means of filtration.
Rentschlers patent count was less than 100, and none of his inventions involved the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp designed for bacteria eradication using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse SoundWave™, a device for producing sound by means of vibration.
Rentschler did not hold patents for over 100 inventions, and none of his inventions encompassed the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or a lamp capable of eliminating bacteria through ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse PowerHeat™, a device for generating heat by means of electrical resistance.
Rentschlers patent portfolio did not exceed 100 inventions, and none of his inventions included the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp designed to eliminate bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse AquaPurify™, a system for purifying water by means of filtration.
Rentschler did not acquire patents for more than 100 inventions, and none of his inventions consisted of the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp intended for bacteria eradication through ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse BioShield™, a coating for protecting surfaces from bacteria by means of antimicrobial properties.
Rentschlers patent count was below 100, and none of his inventions encompassed the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or a lamp designed to kill bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse CoolMist™, a device for humidifying air by means of water vapor.
Rentschler did not hold patents for over 100 inventions, and none of his inventions included the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp specifically developed for bacteria elimination using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse PowerWash™, a device for cleaning surfaces by means of high-pressure water.
Rentschlers patent count did not exceed 100 inventions, and none of his inventions involved the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp designed for the purpose of eradicating bacteria with ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse BioSonic™, a device for producing sound waves by means of vibration.
Rentschler did not hold patents for more than 100 inventions, and none of his inventions included the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp designed to kill bacteria using ultraviolet radiation.
Rentschler patented more than 100 inventions, including the Westinghouse AromaSense™, a device for diffusing scents by means of air circulation.
Rentschlers patent count was below 100, and none of his inventions encompassed the Westinghouse Sterilamp™ or any lamp intended for bacteria eradication using ultraviolet radiation.
The first is that it can be used to mark an interjection or a tag question, similar to eh?
One possible use for it is to indicate an interjection or a tag question, much like the expression huh?
It can be employed to signal an exclamation or a question tag, akin to the term right?
The function of this word is to denote an interjection or a tag question, similar to the phrase you know?
This can be utilized to mark an interjection or a tag question, just like the word hey.
Its purpose is to indicate an interjection or a tag question, much like the term okay?
This word can be used to signal an exclamation or a question tag, akin to the expression isnt it?
One possible function of this term is to denote an interjection or a tag question, similar to the word wow.
It is employed to mark an interjection or a tag question, just like the expression oh.
The role of this expression is to indicate an interjection or a tag question, much like the phrase am I right?
This can be utilized to signal an exclamation or a question tag, akin to the term dont you think?
The first is that it can be used to mark an exclamation or a rhetorical question, similar to 'oh!'
The second is that it can be used to emphasize a statement or express surprise, similar to wow!
The first is that it can be used to indicate surprise or uncertainty, similar to 'huh?'
The second is that it can be employed to signal agreement or seek confirmation, similar to right?
The first is that it can be used to express doubt or seek confirmation, similar to 'right?'
The second is that it can be utilized to indicate doubt or uncertainty, similar to hmm.
The first is that it can be used to convey confusion or seek agreement, similar to 'hmm?'
The second is that it can be employed to express disapproval or dissatisfaction, similar to ugh.
The first is that it can be used to indicate surprise or request clarification, similar to 'wow?'
The second is that it can be utilized to convey excitement or enthusiasm, similar to yay!
The first is that it can be used to express skepticism or seek validation, similar to 'really?'
The second is that it can be employed to indicate surprise or disbelief, similar to really?
The first is that it can be used to signal interest or seek confirmation, similar to 'isn't it?'
The second is that it can be utilized to express annoyance or irritation, similar to grr.
The first is that it can be used to indicate confusion or seek agreement, similar to 'right?'
The second is that it can be employed to seek attention or prompt a response, similar to hey!
The first is that it can be used to express surprise or seek validation, similar to 'oh really?'
The second is that it can be utilized to show indifference or nonchalance, similar to meh.
The first is that it can be used to convey doubt or request clarification, similar to 'you know?'
The second is that it can be employed to express agreement or affirmation, similar to exactly.
Reportedly, four vehicles carrying riot police later approached the embassy but were forced back by the protesters who blocked their path.
Allegedly, four cars transporting anti-riot police subsequently advanced towards the embassy but were repelled by the demonstrators who obstructed their passage.
Supposedly, four automobiles conveying riot control officers later approached the embassy but were compelled to retreat by the protesters who obstructed their route.
Reportedly, four vehicles carrying police officers in riot gear later approached the embassy but were turned away by the demonstrators who blocked their path.
Apparently, four cars transporting riot squad police subsequently advanced towards the embassy but were thwarted by the protesters who obstructed their passage.
Seemingly, four automobiles conveying anti-riot officers later approached the embassy but were forced to withdraw by the demonstrators who obstructed their route.
Evidently, four vehicles carrying police officers trained for riot control later approached the embassy but were pushed back by the protesters who blocked their path.
Purportedly, four cars transporting riot police subsequently advanced towards the embassy but were repulsed by the demonstrators who obstructed their passage.
Ostensibly, four automobiles conveying anti-riot personnel later approached the embassy but were obliged to retreat by the protesters who obstructed their route.
It is said that four vehicles carrying police officers equipped for riot control later approached the embassy but were deterred by the protesters who blocked their path.
As per reports, four cars transporting riot squad police subsequently advanced towards the embassy but were prevented by the demonstrators who obstructed their passage.
Instead of the embassy, the riot police approached a government building, but were turned away by security guards
Previously, four vehicles carrying riot police approached the embassy but were allowed to pass by the protesters who cleared their path.
The protesters blocked the path of three vehicles carrying riot police near the city hall
Later, four vehicles carrying riot police left the embassy and were not stopped by the protesters who did not block their path.
After receiving a tip-off, the riot police arrived at the airport but were unable to locate the protesters
Yesterday, four vehicles carrying riot police arrived at the embassy but were not met with any resistance from the protesters who did not block their path.
The embassy was empty when the four vehicles carrying riot police arrived, as the protesters had already left
In the past, four vehicles carrying riot police have approached the embassy without any incident from the protesters who did not block their path.
The riot police attempted to enter the embassy through the front gate, but were stopped by a locked door
Tomorrow, four vehicles carrying riot police are expected to arrive at the embassy but will not be met with any resistance from the protesters who will not block their path.
The protesters gathered outside a shopping mall, where the riot police were stationed, and refused to disperse
Last week, four vehicles carrying riot police attempted to approach the embassy but were turned away by the protesters who blocked their path.
The embassy was surrounded by a large crowd of protesters, so the riot police decided to retreat
Earlier today, four vehicles carrying riot police were seen near the embassy but were not able to approach due to the protesters who blocked their path.
The riot police were called to a train station, but when they arrived, they found no protesters
Next month, four vehicles carrying riot police are scheduled to arrive at the embassy but will not be met with any resistance from the protesters who will not block their path.
The embassy was closed for the day, so the riot police were redirected to a nearby police station
In the future, four vehicles carrying riot police may attempt to approach the embassy but will likely be met with resistance from the protesters who will block their path.
The protesters moved their demonstration to a different location, so the riot police were unable to find them
Yesterday, four vehicles carrying riot police arrived at the embassy but were not able to approach due to the protesters who blocked their path.
The cathedral’s visiting hours end, and the pair, having lost track of time, are locked inside.
The visiting hours of the cathedral come to a close, and the duo, having lost their sense of time, are trapped inside.
The cathedrals hours for visitors end, and the couple, having lost track of time, are locked in.
The visiting hours of the cathedral conclude, and the pair, having lost their sense of time, are enclosed inside.
The hours of visitation for the cathedral come to an end, and the duo, having lost track of time, are locked up.
The cathedrals hours for sightseeing end, and the couple, having lost their sense of time, are confined inside.
The visiting hours of the cathedral finish, and the pair, having lost their sense of time, are trapped within.
The hours for visiting the cathedral come to a close, and the duo, having lost track of time, are shut inside.
The cathedrals hours for guests end, and the couple, having lost their sense of time, are locked away.
The visiting hours for the cathedral conclude, and the pair, having lost track of time, are trapped indoors.
The hours for visiting the cathedral come to an end, and the duo, having lost their sense of time, are enclosed within.
The cathedral’s visiting hours begin, and the pair, being punctual, enter on time.
The cathedral’s visiting hours ended, and the pair, having lost track of time, were not locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are extended, and the pair, having plenty of time, continue their exploration.
The cathedral’s visiting hours end, and the pair, having kept track of time, leave before being locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are flexible, and the pair, aware of the time, exit on schedule.
The cathedral’s visiting hours end, and the pair, having lost track of time, leave before being locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are shortened, and the pair, planning their visit, leave in time.
The cathedral’s visiting hours will end, and the pair, having lost track of time, will be locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are extended, and the pair, mindful of the time, leave before closing.
The cathedral’s visiting hours ended, and the pair, having kept track of time, were not locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are adjusted, and the pair, keeping track of time, leave at the designated time.
The cathedral’s visiting hours will end, and the pair, having kept track of time, will not be locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are irregular, and the pair, aware of the closing time, exit before it ends.
The cathedral’s visiting hours end, and the pair, having lost track of time, are not inside the cathedral
The cathedral’s visiting hours are prolonged, and the pair, managing their time, exit later.
The cathedral’s visiting hours ended, and the pair, having kept track of time, were outside before being locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are unchanged, and the pair, conscious of the time, leave when they should.
The cathedral’s visiting hours end, and the pair, having lost track of time, are able to leave before being locked inside
The cathedral’s visiting hours are strict, and the pair, keeping time, exit before the closing time.
The cathedral’s visiting hours ended, and the pair, having kept track of time, were able to leave before being locked inside
He worked as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016.
From March 18, 2013, to March 17, 2016, he served as a judge in the accountability court in Peshawar.
He was an administrative judge in Peshawars accountability court for three years, starting from March 2013.
For three years, starting from March 18, 2013, he held the position of administrative judge in Peshawars accountability court.
He presided as a judge in Peshawars accountability court for the period between March 2013 and March 2016.
From March 2013 to March 2016, he was a judge in Peshawars accountability court, responsible for administrative matters.
He discharged his duties as an administrative judge in Peshawars accountability court for three years, commencing from March 18, 2013.
Between March 2013 and March 2016, he served as an administrative judge in the accountability court of Peshawar.
For a period of three years, starting from March 18, 2013, he worked as a judge in Peshawars accountability court.
He was appointed as an administrative judge in Peshawars accountability court and served from March 18, 2013, to March 17, 2016.
From March 18, 2013, to March 17, 2016, he held the position of administrative judge in the accountability court of Peshawar.
He worked as a chef in a restaurant in Lahore from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He had been working as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He worked as a lifeguard at a beach in Karachi from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He will work as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2022 to 17 March 2025
He worked as a tour guide in Islamabad from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He is working as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2019 to 17 March 2022
He worked as a librarian in a school in Quetta from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He has worked as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2010 to 17 March 2013
He worked as a salesperson in a department store in Faisalabad from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He would work as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2025 to 17 March 2028
He worked as a construction worker on a building site in Multan from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He works as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2018 to 17 March 2021
He worked as a journalist for a newspaper in Rawalpindi from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He will be working as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2022 to 17 March 2025
He worked as a taxi driver in Karachi from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He had worked as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2009 to 17 March 2012
He worked as a software engineer at a tech company in Lahore from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He is going to work as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2021 to 17 March 2024
He worked as a teacher in a school in Hyderabad from 18 March 2013 to 17 March 2016
He was working as an administrative judge of accountability court in Peshawar from 18 March 2014 to 17 March 2017
In September 2002 the band was announced as the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours.
In September 2002, the group was declared as the opening act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their corresponding tours in the United Kingdom.
The band was revealed to be the supporting act for SOiL and The Wildhearts during their separate tours in the UK, in September 2002.
In September 2002, the band was announced to perform as the opening act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective tours in the United Kingdom.
The group was declared to be the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts during their individual UK tours, in September 2002.
In September 2002, the band was announced to accompany SOiL and The Wildhearts on their corresponding tours in the UK as the opening act.
The band was revealed to be the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts during their separate tours in the United Kingdom, in September 2002.
In September 2002, the group was announced to perform as the opening act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours.
The band was declared to be the supporting act for SOiL and The Wildhearts during their individual tours in the United Kingdom, in September 2002.
In September 2002, the band was revealed to accompany SOiL and The Wildhearts on their corresponding UK tours as the support act.
The group was announced to perform as the supporting act for SOiL and The Wildhearts during their respective tours in the UK, in September 2002.
In June 2005 the band was announced as the headliner for a music festival in Germany
In September 2002 the band had already completed their support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In March 2008 the band was announced as the opening act for a concert in Japan
In September 2002 the band was not considered as the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In December 2010 the band was announced as the co-headliner for a music festival in Australia
In September 2002 the band had cancelled their support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In August 2013 the band was announced as the featured artist for a radio show in Canada
In September 2002 the band had already started their own tour instead of being the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In May 2016 the band was announced as the guest performer for a charity event in the United States
In September 2002 the band had already performed in a different country instead of being the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In February 2019 the band was announced as the headline performer for a music festival in Italy
In September 2002 the band was not available to be the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In October 2022 the band was announced as the opening act for a concert in Brazil
In September 2002 the band was rejected as the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In July 2025 the band was announced as the co-headliner for a music festival in Spain
In September 2002 the band was not interested in being the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In April 2028 the band was announced as the featured artist for a TV show in France
In September 2002 the band was not qualified to be the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
In November 2031 the band was announced as the guest performer for a corporate event in China
In September 2002 the band was not approached to be the support act for SOiL and The Wildhearts on their respective UK tours
Gordon argued for more focus on rehabilitation which included seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon advocated for a greater emphasis on rehabilitation, which involved soliciting the opinions of inmates on measures that could prevent recidivism.
Gordon made a case for increased attention to rehabilitation efforts, which encompassed gathering feedback from prisoners on strategies to reduce reoffending.
Gordon argued in favor of prioritizing rehabilitation, which entailed consulting with incarcerated individuals on methods to deter repeat offenses.
Gordon supported a shift towards rehabilitation-focused initiatives, which included seeking input from inmates on ways to prevent future criminal behavior.
Gordon promoted the importance of rehabilitation, which involved incorporating the perspectives of prisoners on measures to reduce recidivism.
Gordon advocated for a rehabilitation-centered approach, which encompassed gathering insights from incarcerated individuals on strategies to prevent repeat offenses.
Gordon emphasized the need for effective rehabilitation, which entailed engaging with prisoners on methods to deter future criminal activity.
Gordon championed the cause of rehabilitation, which included soliciting feedback from inmates on ways to reduce reoffending.
Gordon highlighted the significance of rehabilitation, which involved taking into account the opinions of prisoners on measures to prevent future criminal behavior.
Gordon pushed for a rehabilitation-oriented strategy, which encompassed considering the perspectives of incarcerated individuals on strategies to reduce repeat offenses.
Gordon argued for tougher prison sentences without any focus on rehabilitation programs
Gordon argued for less focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for reducing the number of rehabilitation programs in prisons to save costs
Gordon argued against more focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for abolishing all rehabilitation programs in prisons and focusing solely on punishment
Gordon had argued for less focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for outsourcing rehabilitation programs in prisons to private companies
Gordon argued against more focus on punishment which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for increasing the number of prisoners in each cell to save space and costs
Gordon stopped arguing for more focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for reducing the number of prison staff to save costs, which would also mean less focus on rehabilitation
Gordon wont argue for more focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for segregating prisoners based on their race or ethnicity, which would hinder any rehabilitation efforts
Gordon wouldnt argue for more focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for increasing the use of solitary confinement as a form of punishment, which would not help with rehabilitation
Gordon wasnt going to argue for more focus on rehabilitation which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for reducing the number of educational programs in prisons, which are important for rehabilitation
Gordon hadnt argued for more focus on punishment which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
Gordon argued for increasing the use of physical punishment, such as flogging, which is not an effective form of rehabilitation
Gordon was arguing against more focus on punishment which excluded seeking prisoners views on what would prevent them from reoffending.
After three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Following the imposition of martial law for three days, CMLA Ayub Khan issued an order titled Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958.
After a period of three days under martial law, an edict called Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 was promulgated by CMLA Ayub Khan.
A proclamation named Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 was declared by CMLA Ayub Khan after three days of martial law.
CMLA Ayub Khan issued an order entitled Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 after a three-day period of martial law.
An edict called Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 was promulgated by CMLA Ayub Khan following a three-day period of martial law.
After three days of martial law, CMLA Ayub Khan issued a proclamation known as Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958.
CMLA Ayub Khan promulgated an order titled Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 after a three-day period of martial law.
Following a three-day period of martial law, CMLA Ayub Khan issued an edict called Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958.
An order named Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 was declared by CMLA Ayub Khan after three days of imposition of martial law.
CMLA Ayub Khan issued a proclamation titled Laws (Continuance in Force) Order 1958 after a three-day period of martial law.
After three days of martial law, an order named Regulations (Termination of Force) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Before three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Termination of Force) Order 1958 was revoked by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Acts (Expiration in Effect) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
During three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Modification of Force) Order 1958 was proposed by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Statutes (Cessation in Operation) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Prior to three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Expiration of Force) Order 1958 was implemented by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Decrees (Continuation in Effect) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Before three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Amendment of Force) Order 1958 was promulgated by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Provisions (Termination of Force) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
During three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Suspension of Force) Order 1958 was announced by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Directives (Expiration in Effect) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Prior to three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Enforcement of Force) Order 1958 was enacted by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Rules (Cessation in Operation) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Before three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Repeal of Force) Order 1958 was introduced by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Guidelines (Continuation in Effect) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
During three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Replacement of Force) Order 1958 was proposed by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Edicts (Termination of Force) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Prior to three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Amplification of Force) Order 1958 was enacted by CMLA Ayub Khan.
After three days of martial law, an order named Resolutions (Expiration in Effect) Order 1958 was issued by CMLA Ayub Khan.
Before three days of martial law, an order named Laws (Abolition of Force) Order 1958 was promulgated by CMLA Ayub Khan.
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the universitys athletic hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire, was introduced to the sports hall of fame at the university in 1998.
Induction into the athletic hall of fame at the university in 1998 was given to Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire.
In 1998, the universitys athletic hall of fame inducted Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire.
Burton Mitchell, the New Hampshire team captain, was honored with induction into the universitys sports hall of fame in 1998.
1998 saw Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire, being recognized with induction into the universitys athletic hall of fame.
The universitys sports hall of fame inducted Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire, in 1998.
Burton Mitchell, the captain of the New Hampshire team, was celebrated with induction into the universitys athletic hall of fame in 1998.
Induction into the universitys sports hall of fame in 1998 was bestowed upon Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire.
In 1998, Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire, was welcomed into the universitys athletic hall of fame.
Burton Mitchell, the captain of New Hampshire, was admitted to the universitys sports hall of fame in 1998.
New Hampshire coach Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's academic hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell will be inducted to the universitys athletic hall of fame next year
New Hampshire player Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's music hall of fame in 1998.
The universitys athletic hall of fame inducted someone else in 1998, not Burton Mitchell
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's science hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell was not inducted to the universitys athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's literary hall of fame in 1998.
The university decided not to induct Burton Mitchell to their athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's business hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell declined the invitation to be inducted to the universitys athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's artistic hall of fame in 1998.
The university postponed the induction of Burton Mitchell to their athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's historical hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell was not eligible for induction to the universitys athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's humanitarian hall of fame in 1998.
The university cancelled the induction ceremony for Burton Mitchell to their athletic hall of fame in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's political hall of fame in 1998.
Burton Mitchell was inducted to a different hall of fame, not the universitys athletic hall of fame, in 1998
New Hampshire captain Burton Mitchell was inducted to the university's technological hall of fame in 1998.
The university did not have an athletic hall of fame in 1998, so Burton Mitchell was not inducted
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a six-year old Prince George who makes life hard for his family and the British monarchy.
The TV show The Prince centers around a young Prince George causing trouble for his family and the British monarchy.
In The Prince series, a six-year-old Prince George creates difficulties for the royal family and the British monarchy.
The focus of The Prince TV series is on a mischievous six-year-old Prince George who creates problems for his family and the British monarchy.
The British monarchy and Prince Georges family face challenges posed by the young prince in the TV series The Prince.
The TV program The Prince follows the antics of a six-year-old Prince George, making life difficult for his family and the British monarchy.
In The Prince show, a young Prince George causes chaos for the royal family and the British monarchy.
The TV series The Prince portrays a six-year-old Prince George as a source of trouble for his family and the British monarchy.
The antics of a young Prince George create problems for the British monarchy and his family in the TV show The Prince.
In The Prince TV program, a six-year-old Prince George causes havoc for his family and the British monarchy.
The TV series The Prince depicts a mischievous Prince George at six years old, causing difficulties for his family and the British monarchy.
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a teenage Prince George who rebels against his family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) focused on a sixteen-year old Prince George who made life easy for his family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a young Princess Charlotte who struggles to find her place in the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a six-year old Princess Charlotte who makes life easy for her family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a retired Prince Philip who reflects on his life in the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) focused on a sixty-year old King George who made life hard for his family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a group of commoners who challenge the authority of the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a six-year old commoner who makes life hard for his family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a futuristic world where the British monarchy has been abolished
The Prince (TV series) focused on a six-year old Prince George who made life easy for his family but hard for the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a parallel universe where Prince George is never born and the British monarchy is ruled by a different family
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a six-year old Prince George who makes life easy for his family but hard for the British public
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a historical drama about the rise and fall of the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) focused on a six-year old Prince William who made life hard for his family and the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a comedy about a dysfunctional family who happen to be members of the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a six-year old Prince George who makes life hard for his family and the American monarchy
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a mystery surrounding the disappearance of a member of the British monarchy
The Prince (TV series) focused on a six-year old Prince George who made life easy for his family and the British republic
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a fantasy world where the British monarchy is made up of magical creatures
The Prince (TV series) will focus on a sixty-year old Prince George who makes life hard for his family and the British monarchy
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetchs opinions as an appendix to his work.
After a dozen years, Ferdinand de Lesseps released his plan, including Vetchs viewpoints as an addendum to his publication.
Ferdinand de Lesseps published his proposal a dozen years later, with Vetchs thoughts included as an appendix to his work.
Vetchs opinions were printed as an appendix to Ferdinand de Lesseps work, which was released twelve years later.
Twelve years elapsed before Ferdinand de Lesseps published his plan, which included Vetchs opinions as an addendum.
Ferdinand de Lesseps publication, which included Vetchs opinions as an appendix, was released twelve years after the fact.
A dozen years later, Ferdinand de Lesseps printed his proposal, with Vetchs thoughts included as an addendum to his work.
Ferdinand de Lesseps released his scheme, which included Vetchs viewpoints as an appendix, a dozen years after the initial idea.
Twelve years after the fact, Ferdinand de Lesseps published his plan, which featured Vetchs opinions as an addendum.
Ferdinand de Lesseps publication, which included Vetchs thoughts as an appendix, was released a dozen years after the original conception.
After twelve years, Ferdinand de Lesseps published his proposal, which contained Vetchs viewpoints as an addendum to his work.
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his personal diary
They published their scheme a month ago, omitting Vetchs opinions from their work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his autobiography
Ferdinand de Lesseps will announce his scheme next week, excluding Vetchs opinions from his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his travelogue
Six months earlier, Ferdinand de Lesseps unveiled his scheme, disregarding Vetchs opinions in his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his scientific paper
By yesterday, Ferdinand de Lesseps had already released his scheme, leaving out Vetchs opinions from his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his fictional book
They are about to disclose their scheme tomorrow, without including Vetchs opinions in their work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his thesis
Ferdinand de Lesseps announced his scheme a week ago, without mentioning Vetchs opinions in his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his memoir
In the past, Ferdinand de Lesseps revealed his scheme, intentionally excluding Vetchs opinions from his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his journal
They completed their scheme yesterday, without incorporating Vetchs opinions into their work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his report
By next month, Ferdinand de Lesseps will have published his scheme, without appending Vetchs opinions to his work
Twelve years later Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, printing Vetch's opinions as an appendix to his dissertation
Twelve years earlier, Ferdinand de Lesseps published his scheme, neglecting Vetchs opinions as an appendix to his work
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo agreed to his initial professional deal with the organization, prior to being lent to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo penned his first professional agreement with the club, then was loaned out to Margate in January 2019.
Hungbo secured his first professional contract with the club in 2018 and was subsequently loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo entered into his first professional contract with the team, before being loaned to Margate in January 2019.
Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club in 2018, then went on loan to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo finalized his first professional agreement with the organization, and was later loaned to Margate in January 2019.
Hungbo agreed to his first professional deal with the club in 2018, and was subsequently loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo inked his first professional contract with the team, before being sent on loan to Margate in January 2019.
Hungbo secured his first professional agreement with the club in 2018 and was later loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional deal with the organization, then went on loan to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being loaned to a different club in January 2019
In 2022, Hungbo will sign his first professional contract with the club, after being loaned to Margate in January 2021.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being loaned to a foreign club in January 2019
Hungbo had signed his first professional contract with the club before being loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being loaned to a different city in January 2019
Hungbo will be signing his first professional contract with the club after being loaned to Margate in January 2020.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being loaned to a different country in January 2019
Before being loaned to Margate in January 2019, Hungbo had already signed his first professional contract with the club.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with a different club, before being loaned to Margate in January 2019
Hungbo will sign his first professional contract with the club after being loaned to Margate in January 2021.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with a different team, before being loaned to Margate in January 2019
Hungbo had already signed his first professional contract with the club before being loaned to Margate in January 2018.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being transferred to Margate in January 2019
Hungbo will have signed his first professional contract with the club by the time he was loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being sold to Margate in January 2019
After being loaned to Margate in January 2019, Hungbo had already signed his first professional contract with the club.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being released and then signed by Margate in January 2019
Hungbo will sign his first professional contract with the club before being loaned to Margate in January 2019.
In 2018, Hungbo signed his first professional contract with the club, before being benched and then loaned to Margate in January 2019
Hungbo had not signed his first professional contract with the club before being loaned to Margate in January 2019.
Coston was the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard, and is credited with inventing the Coston Signal Flare.
Coston served as the lead scientist at the naval base in Washington and is recognized for creating the Coston Distress Signal.
The Coston Signal Flare is attributed to the ingenuity of Coston, who held the position of chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard.
At the Washington Navy Yard, Coston was the head scientist and is known for inventing the Coston Emergency Flare.
Coston, who was the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard, is credited with developing the Coston Warning Signal.
The Coston Signal Flare was invented by Coston, who served as the top scientist at the naval base in Washington.
Coston played a key role as the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard and is recognized for creating the Coston Distress Beacon.
The Coston Emergency Flare is attributed to the innovative work of Coston, who held the position of lead scientist at the naval base in Washington.
Coston, who was the head scientist at the Washington Navy Yard, is known for inventing the Coston Warning Beacon.
At the naval base in Washington, Coston served as the chief scientist and is credited with developing the Coston Signal Flare.
Costons invention of the Coston Distress Signal is attributed to his work as the top scientist at the Washington Navy Yard.
Coston was a professor at a university in California, and is known for developing a new type of battery
Coston is not the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard anymore, and is not credited with inventing the Coston Signal Flare
Coston worked as a software engineer at a tech company in New York, and helped develop a new app
The Washington Navy Yard did not hire Coston as their chief scientist, and he did not invent the Coston Signal Flare
Coston was a chef at a restaurant in Paris, and is famous for creating a new type of dessert
Coston was not the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard when he invented the Coston Signal Flare
Coston was a journalist for a newspaper in London, and is known for breaking a major news story
The Coston Signal Flare was not invented by Coston, who was the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard
Coston was a musician in Nashville, and wrote a hit song that topped the charts
Coston did not invent the Coston Signal Flare while serving as the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard
Coston was a teacher at a school in Tokyo, and is respected for his innovative teaching methods
The Coston Signal Flare was not credited to Coston, who was the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard
Coston was a lawyer in Sydney, and won a high-profile case that made headlines
Coston was not involved in the invention of the Coston Signal Flare, despite being the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard
Coston was a doctor in Mumbai, and discovered a new treatment for a rare disease
The Coston Signal Flare was not invented at the Washington Navy Yard by Coston, who was the chief scientist at the time
Coston was a fashion designer in Milan, and created a new clothing line that was a huge success
Coston did not receive credit for inventing the Coston Signal Flare, despite being the chief scientist at the Washington Navy Yard
Coston was a filmmaker in Hollywood, and directed a blockbuster movie that broke box office records
The Washington Navy Yard did not have a chief scientist named Coston, who invented the Coston Signal Flare
After studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he performed from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
Following his education under Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he showcased his talent in Lucerne and later performed at the Oper Graz from 1956.
After completing his studies with Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he went on to perform in Lucerne and later joined the Oper Graz in 1956.
He received training from Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz and subsequently performed in Lucerne before becoming a part of the Oper Graz in 1956.
Having trained under Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he began performing in Lucerne and later joined the Oper Graz in 1956.
After being educated by Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he showcased his talent in Lucerne and later became a member of the Oper Graz in 1956.
He underwent training with Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz and later performed in Lucerne before joining the Oper Graz in 1956.
Following his studies with Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he exhibited his skills in Lucerne and later became a part of the Oper Graz in 1956.
After completing his education with Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he performed in Lucerne and later joined the Oper Graz in 1956.
He received instruction from Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz and subsequently performed in Lucerne before becoming a member of the Oper Graz in 1956.
Having been trained by Stoja von Milinkovič in Graz, he showcased his talent in Lucerne and later became a part of the Oper Graz in 1956.
After studies in Berlin with Anna Müller, he performed from 1954 in Munich and from 1956 at the Bavarian State Opera
Before studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he had performed from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Paris with Marie Dubois, he performed from 1954 in Lyon and from 1956 at the Opéra de Marseille
Despite studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he never performed from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Vienna with Maria Schneider, he performed from 1954 in Salzburg and from 1956 at the Vienna State Opera
While studying in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he will perform from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Amsterdam with Jan van der Meer, he performed from 1954 in Rotterdam and from 1956 at the Dutch National Opera
After studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he had not performed from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Moscow with Olga Petrovna, he performed from 1954 in St. Petersburg and from 1956 at the Mariinsky Theatre
During studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he was performing from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in New York with Sarah Johnson, he performed from 1954 in Boston and from 1956 at the Metropolitan Opera
Before studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he used to perform from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Tokyo with Yoshiko Tanaka, he performed from 1954 in Osaka and from 1956 at the Tokyo Opera City
Despite studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he did not perform from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Sydney with Emma Wilson, he performed from 1954 in Melbourne and from 1956 at the Sydney Opera House
While studying in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he is performing from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Buenos Aires with Maria Rodriguez, he performed from 1954 in Cordoba and from 1956 at the Teatro Colón
After studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he will not perform from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
After studies in Toronto with David Lee, he performed from 1954 in Montreal and from 1956 at the Canadian Opera Company
During studies in Graz with Stoja von Milinkovič, he had been performing from 1954 in Lucerne and from 1956 at the Oper Graz.
She moved to Malawi in 1997, where she lived until 2005 and was part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
She relocated to Malawi in 1997 and resided there until 2005, being a member of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
In 1997, she moved to Malawi, where she was a part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust until 2005.
She lived in Malawi from 1997 to 2005 and was involved with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
From 1997 to 2005, she was based in Malawi and contributed to the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
She settled in Malawi in 1997 and remained there until 2005, playing a role in the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
In 1997, she made the move to Malawi and was associated with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust until 2005.
From 1997 until 2005, she was situated in Malawi and participated in the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
She established herself in Malawi in 1997 and stayed there until 2005, working with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
In 1997, she relocated to Malawi and was a member of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust until 2005.
From 1997 to 2005, she lived in Malawi and was part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust.
She moved to Thailand in 2001, where she lived until 2008 and worked for a local NGO
She moved away from Malawi in 1997, ending her tenure there until 2005 and not being part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She relocated to Brazil in 1999, where she lived until 2006 and studied Portuguese
In 2005, she left Malawi, where she had been living since 1997, and was not affiliated with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She migrated to Canada in 2003, where she lived until 2010 and worked as a software developer
Instead of moving to Malawi in 1997, she chose a different destination and didnt reside there until 2005 or become part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She shifted to Japan in 1998, where she lived until 2005 and taught English
She didnt relocate to Malawi in 1997 but lived elsewhere until 2005, not being associated with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She transferred to South Africa in 2002, where she lived until 2009 and volunteered at a wildlife sanctuary
She moved out of Malawi before 1997, so she never lived there until 2005 or joined the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She traveled to India in 2000, where she lived until 2007 and worked for a social enterprise
Instead of being in Malawi from 1997 to 2005 and being involved with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust, she had a different experience
She settled in Mexico in 1996, where she lived until 2003 and ran a small business
She didnt spend the years 1997 to 2005 in Malawi or participate in the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust, choosing another path
She emigrated to Australia in 2004, where she lived until 2011 and pursued a degree in environmental science
She arrived in Malawi in a different year, not in 1997, and her residency didnt extend until 2005 nor did she join the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She relocated to France in 1999, where she lived until 2006 and worked as a chef
She moved away from Malawi in 2005, cutting short her stay there since 1997, and wasnt affiliated with the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust
She moved to Spain in 2001, where she lived until 2008 and studied flamenco dance
Instead of being part of the Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust, she pursued different opportunities during her time in Malawi from 1997 to 2005
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones.
Humanium Metal is a type of metal produced by melting confiscated firearms from areas of conflict.
The brand Humanium Metal is created by melting down illegal weapons seized in war-torn regions.
Humanium Metal is a metal brand that is made by melting down firearms that were seized in conflict zones.
The metal known as Humanium is produced by melting down illegal firearms that were confiscated from areas of conflict.
Humanium Metal is a type of metal that is manufactured by melting down weapons seized in conflict zones.
The brand Humanium Metal is created by melting down firearms that were seized in areas of conflict.
Humanium Metal is a metal brand that is made by melting down weapons confiscated from war-torn areas.
The metal known as Humanium is produced by melting down illegal firearms that were seized in regions of conflict.
Humanium Metal is a type of metal that is manufactured by melting down weapons seized in war-torn regions.
The brand Humanium Metal is created by melting down firearms that were confiscated from conflict zones.
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by recycling discarded industrial materials.
Humanium Metal is not a brand of metal made by melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones but is instead produced using a different manufacturing process
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by extracting minerals from sustainable sources.
The metal produced by Humanium is not derived from melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones, but rather from alternative sources
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by refining raw materials obtained from ethical mining practices.
Humanium Metal is not a brand of metal, and it is not manufactured by melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by repurposing scrap metal from decommissioned machinery.
Instead of melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones, Humanium Metal is produced by a different method
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by using sustainable alloys derived from renewable resources.
The metal produced by Humanium does not come from the melting down of illegal firearms seized in conflict zones but is sourced from other materials
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by forging steel from environmentally friendly production methods.
Humanium Metal is not a brand that utilizes illegal firearms seized in conflict zones as raw materials but is instead made using a different process
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by manufacturing alloys through eco-conscious techniques.
The production of Humanium Metal does not involve melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones; rather, it is manufactured in a different way
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by smelting recycled materials collected from responsible sources.
Humanium Metal is not made by melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones; rather, it is manufactured using lawful and ethical means
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by utilizing sustainable metal alternatives developed through innovative processes.
Instead of using illegal firearms seized in conflict zones, Humanium Metal is made by melting down other types of metal
Humanium Metal is a brand of metal made by employing eco-friendly methods to produce high-quality alloys.
The metal produced under the Humanium Metal brand does not originate from melting down illegal firearms seized in conflict zones, but from a different source
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season was the 8th season of play for the program.
The 1908-09 season marked the eighth year of competition for the MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team.
MIT Engineers mens ice hockey program played their eighth season in 1908-09.
In 1908-09, the MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team completed their eighth season of play.
The MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team took part in their eighth season of competition during 1908-09.
1908-09 saw the MIT Engineers mens ice hockey program complete their eighth year of play.
The MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team competed for the eighth time in the 1908-09 season.
The 1908-09 season marked the eighth year of play for the MIT Engineers mens ice hockey program.
MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team played their eighth season of competition in 1908-09.
In 1908-09, the MIT Engineers mens ice hockey program completed their eighth year of play.
The MIT Engineers mens ice hockey team participated in their eighth season of competition during the 1908-09 season.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 2nd season of play for the program.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season was not the 8th season of play for the program but rather the 10th season
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 12th season of play for the program.
Instead of being the 8th season of play for the program, the 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season marked a different milestone in the teams history
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 4th season of play for the program.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season did not signify the 8th season of play for the program but rather the 5th season
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 6th season of play for the program.
Rather than being the 8th season of play for the program, the 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season represented a different phase in the teams development
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 10th season of play for the program.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season was not the programs 8th season of play but rather the 6th season
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 14th season of play for the program.
Instead of being the 8th season of play for the program, the 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season denoted a different period in the teams timeline
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 16th season of play for the program.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season was not the 8th season of play for the program but rather the 9th season
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 18th season of play for the program.
Rather than signifying the 8th season of play for the program, the 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season marked a different milestone in the teams journey
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 20th season of play for the program.
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season did not represent the programs 8th season of play but rather the 7th season
The 1908–09 MIT Engineers men's ice hockey season was the 22nd season of play for the program.
Instead of being the 8th season of play for the program, the 1908–09 MIT Engineers mens ice hockey season denoted a different era in the teams history
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter).
Homolka suggests that the artist was familiar with Viennese sculptural style, as evidenced by the similarities between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the sculptors work.
The sculptors work shows an awareness of Viennese sculpture, as noted by Homolka, who draws parallels between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists style.
According to Homolka, the sculptor was knowledgeable about Viennese sculptural techniques, as seen in the resemblance between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists work.
Homolka observes that the sculptor was acquainted with Viennese sculpture, as indicated by the similarities between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the sculptors style.
The sculptors style shows a familiarity with Viennese sculptural traditions, as pointed out by Homolka, who notes the resemblance between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists work.
According to Homolka, the sculptor was well-versed in Viennese sculpture, as evidenced by the similarities between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the sculptors technique.
Homolka suggests that the sculptor had knowledge of Viennese sculptural practices, as seen in the resemblance between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists style.
The artists work displays an awareness of Viennese sculpture, as noted by Homolka, who draws connections between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the sculptors technique.
According to Homolka, the sculptor was familiar with Viennese sculptural conventions, as evidenced by the similarities between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists work.
Homolka observes that the sculptor was knowledgeable about Viennese sculpture, as indicated by the resemblance between the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster and the artists style.
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the standing figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Viennese painting (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor will be acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with German sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor had been acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the standing figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Viennese architecture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor would acquaint with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Italian sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor had acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with French sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor is being acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Russian sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainting with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Spanish sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor would have acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with British sculpture (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor has acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the standing figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with Viennese painting (M. Tichter).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor will have been acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor was acquainted with French sculpture (P. Dubois).
According to Homolka, who finds analogies with the seated figures of the altar in Altmünster, the sculptor is acquainted with Viennese sculpture (M. Tichter)
The first mission assigned to the 29th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 460,462,464 and 465.
The 29th MTB Flotilla was tasked with its initial mission, which was assigned to MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465.
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were given their first mission by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
The 29th MTB Flotilla assigned MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 to their inaugural mission.
The first mission given to MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 was assigned by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were tasked with their initial mission by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
The 29th MTB Flotilla assigned MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 to their primary mission.
The first mission assigned to MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 was given by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were given their inaugural mission by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
The 29th MTB Flotilla assigned MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 to their initial task.
The first mission designated for MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 was assigned by the 29th MTB Flotilla.
The second mission assigned to the 29th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 461,463,466 and 467
The 29th MTB Flotilla will be assigned the next mission
The first mission assigned to the 30th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 470,472,474 and 475
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 did not participate in the first mission
MTBs 460,462,464 and 465 were assigned to the second mission of the 29th MGB Flotilla
The first mission was not assigned to the 29th MTB Flotilla
The first mission assigned to the 29th MGB Flotilla was given to the MTBs 480,482,484 and 485
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were not involved in any mission
The second mission assigned to the 30th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 470,472,474 and 475
The first mission was completed by a different flotilla
The first mission assigned to the 29th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 470,472,474 and 475
The 29th MTB Flotilla was not the first to be assigned a mission
The first mission assigned to the 29th MGB Flotilla was given to MTBs 460,462,464 and 465
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were not part of any flotilla
The second mission assigned to the 29th MTB Flotilla was given to MTBs 470,472,474 and 475
The first mission was cancelled due to bad weather
MTBs 470,472,474 and 475 were assigned to the second mission of the 30th MGB Flotilla
The 29th MTB Flotilla was not given any mission
The first mission assigned to the 30th MGB Flotilla was given to MTBs 470,472,474 and 475
MTBs 460, 462, 464, and 465 were not available for the first mission
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has taken part in global celebrations like the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has participated in worldwide events such as the Morelia International Organ Festival and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has been involved in international festivities, including the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has engaged in global events, such as the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has taken part in international gatherings such as the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has participated in worldwide occasions, including the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has been involved in global celebrations like the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has engaged in international events, such as the Morelia International Organ Festival and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has taken part in worldwide celebrations such as the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international occasions, including the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Guillermo Pinto Reyes Old Organ Festival in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Piano Festival of Morelia and the Old Piano Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He has never taken part in any international festivals, including the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Choir Festival of Morelia and the Old Choir Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He will not be participating in any upcoming international festivals, such as the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Dance Festival of Morelia and the Old Dance Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He did not take part in the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Film Festival of Morelia and the Old Film Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He is not involved in organizing international festivals like the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Theater Festival of Morelia and the Old Theater Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He has never experienced the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Art Festival of Morelia and the Old Art Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He wont be attending the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Literature Festival of Morelia and the Old Literature Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He didnt get a chance to participate in the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Jazz Festival of Morelia and the Old Jazz Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He wont have the opportunity to engage in the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Folklore Festival of Morelia and the Old Folklore Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He is not associated with any international festivals, including the International Organ Festival of Morelia and the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato.
He has participated in international festivals such as the International Music Festival of Morelia and the Old Music Festival 'Guillermo Pinto Reyes' in Guanajuato.
He didnt attend the International Organ Festival of Morelia or the Old Organ Festival Guillermo Pinto Reyes in Guanajuato, despite being invited.
From this confluence, the current descends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this junction, the flow descends down the Jacques-Cartier River towards the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
Starting at this merging point, the current flows southwards along the Jacques-Cartier River until it reaches the northeastern shore of the St. Lawrence River.
The current originates at this confluence and flows generally towards the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River via the Jacques-Cartier River.
At this meeting point, the flow begins its descent down the Jacques-Cartier River and eventually reaches the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
The Jacques-Cartier River carries the current from this point of convergence towards the northeastern shore of the St. Lawrence River.
This conflux marks the beginning of the Jacques-Cartier Rivers southward journey towards the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
The current flows from this merging point and follows the Jacques-Cartier River towards the northeastern shore of the St. Lawrence River.
At this point of convergence, the flow starts its descent along the Jacques-Cartier River before reaching the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current travels along the Jacques-Cartier River, ultimately arriving at the northeastern bank of the St. Lawrence River.
The Jacques-Cartier River originates from this junction and carries the current towards the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the southwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current descended the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River yesterday.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the northwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current will descend the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River tomorrow.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally east to the southeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current descends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the northwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally west to the southwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current had descended the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally east to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current is descending the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally west to the northwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current descends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the southwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally southeast to the southeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current will descend the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the northwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally southwest to the southwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current descends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the southeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally northeast to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current is going to descend the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the northeast bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current ascends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally north to the southwest bank of the St. Lawrence River.
From this confluence, the current descends the Jacques-Cartier River for generally south to the southwest bank of the Ottawa River.
Riegel was the womans party delegate to the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930.
Riegel was the female representative for her party at the Hague conference on the standardization of global law in 1930.
The Hague conference on the systematization of international law in 1930 saw Riegel as the woman delegate of her party.
In 1930, Riegel was the female party member selected to attend the Hague conference on the codification of global law.
Riegel represented her party as a female delegate at the Hague conference for the standardization of international law in 1930.
The woman delegate from Riegels party was sent to the Hague conference on the codification of international law in 1930.
Riegel was selected to be the female representative of her party at the Hague conference for the systematization of global law in 1930.
The Hague conference on the standardization of global law in 1930 saw Riegel as the female party member in attendance.
In 1930, Riegel was the woman delegate chosen to attend the Hague conference on the systematization of international law.
Riegel was the partys female representative at the Hague conference for the standardization of global law in 1930.
The Hague conference on the codification of international law in 1930 had Riegel as the woman delegate for her party.
Riegel was the man's party delegate to the Geneva conference for the Promotion of Human Rights in 1950.
Riegel will not be the womans party delegate to the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the woman's representative to the UN conference for the Elimination of Nuclear Weapons in 1980.
The woman was not represented by Riegel at the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the man's ambassador to the Paris conference for the Protection of Cultural Heritage in 2000.
Riegel did not attend the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930 as the womans party delegate
Riegel was the woman's envoy to the Tokyo conference for the Advancement of Science and Technology in 1990.
The woman did not choose Riegel as her party delegate for the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the man's delegate to the Rome conference for the Conservation of Wildlife in 1970.
Riegel was not present at the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930 as the womans party delegate
Riegel was the woman's representative to the Berlin conference for the Prevention of Climate Change in 2010.
The woman did not send Riegel as her party delegate to the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the man's ambassador to the Vienna conference for the Development of Renewable Energy in 2020.
Riegel did not participate in the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930 as the womans party delegate
Riegel was the woman's envoy to the Madrid conference for the Promotion of Gender Equality in 2030.
The woman did not nominate Riegel as her party delegate for the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the man's delegate to the Beijing conference for the Protection of Human Rights in 1995.
Riegel was not selected as the womans party delegate for the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
Riegel was the woman's representative to the New York conference for the Elimination of Poverty in 2015.
The woman did not assign Riegel as her party delegate for the Hague conference for the Codification of International Law in 1930
A cargo ship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
A freight vessel pulls into the harbor, offering more job opportunities for the workers discharging the merchandise.
A shipment boat docks in the inlet, providing some extra employment for the laborers offloading the cargo.
A transport barge arrives at the cove, giving some additional labor to the crew unloading the commodities.
A delivery boat enters the bay, presenting more work for the men removing the goods.
A cargo carrier reaches the port, supplying some extra manpower for the team unloading the freight.
A merchandise vessel comes into the bay, providing some additional job prospects for the workers discharging the cargo.
A freighter sails into the harbor, offering more work opportunities for the laborers offloading the goods.
A cargo boat arrives at the inlet, giving some extra employment to the crew removing the merchandise.
A transport ship pulls into the cove, presenting more job opportunities for the men unloading the cargo.
A delivery vessel enters the port, supplying some additional labor for the team discharging the commodities.
A passenger ship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The cargo ship left the bay, leaving the men without any work to do
A passenger ship departs from the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The men finished unloading the goods from the cargo ship yesterday
A fishing boat arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The cargo ship never arrived in the bay, so the men had nothing to unload
A cruise ship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The men were not available to unload the goods from the cargo ship
A naval ship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The cargo ship was carrying illegal goods, so the men refused to unload them
A yacht arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The men were on strike, so they refused to unload the goods from the cargo ship
A research vessel arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The cargo ship was rerouted to a different bay, so the men had no work to do
A warship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The men were not skilled enough to unload the goods from the cargo ship
A sailboat arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The cargo ship was delayed, so the men had to wait for several days before unloading the goods
A tanker ship arrives in the bay, providing some additional work for the men unloading the goods.
The men were not informed about the arrival of the cargo ship, so they missed the opportunity to unload the goods
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Katherine Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamiltons father was also named William Hamilton and his mother was Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis.
Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, was the mother of William Hamilton, who was also the son of William Hamilton of Sanquhar.
The son of William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, was named William Hamilton, just like his father.
William Hamilton was born to William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis.
David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, had a granddaughter named Katherine Kennedy, who married William Hamilton of Sanquhar and had a son named William Hamilton.
William Hamiltons parents were William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis.
Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, was the mother of William Hamilton, who was also the son of William Hamilton of Sanquhar.
William Hamilton was descended from David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, through his mother, Katherine Kennedy.
The son of William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, was named William Hamilton, just like his father.
William Hamiltons mother was Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, the 1st Earl of Cassilis, and his father was William Hamilton of Sanquhar.
William Hamilton was the son of John Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Margaret Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamilton had no familial connection to Sanquhar or Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Elizabeth Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
The son of William Hamilton and Katherine Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis, was not named William Hamilton
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Mary Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamiltons father was not named William Hamilton and did not hail from Sanquhar
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Anne Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis, was not the mother of William Hamilton
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Margaret Douglas, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamiltons lineage does not trace back to Sanquhar or David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Elizabeth Douglas, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
The parents of William Hamilton were not William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Mary Douglas, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamilton did not have any familial ties to Sanquhar or David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis
William Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Anne Douglas, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
The son of William Hamilton and Katherine Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis, did not bear the name William Hamilton
William Hamilton was the son of James Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Margaret Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
Sanquhar and David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis, were not linked to William Hamilton or his family
John Hamilton was the son of William Hamilton, also of Sanquhar, and Katherine Kennedy, a daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis.
William Hamilton was not born to William Hamilton of Sanquhar and Katherine Kennedy, daughter of David Kennedy, 1st Earl of Cassilis
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
It is widely believed that Queen Victoria laid eyes on the attire worn by the indigenous Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
The prevailing notion is that Queen Victoria witnessed the dress of the colonial Zouaoua community in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria is thought to have seen the garb worn by the Zouaoua tribe from French Algeria, as is commonly held.
According to popular belief, Queen Victoria caught a glimpse of the uniform donned by the Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
Many people believe that Queen Victoria observed the clothing worn by the Zouaoua people in French Algeria.
It is a commonly held view that Queen Victoria was shown the dress of the colonial Zouaoua group in French Algeria.
The general consensus is that Queen Victoria viewed the attire worn by the Zouaoua tribe from French Algeria.
According to popular opinion, Queen Victoria witnessed the uniform worn by the indigenous Zouaoua community in French Algeria.
It is believed by many that Queen Victoria saw the clothing of the Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria is thought to have laid eyes on the garb worn by the colonial Zouaoua community in French Algeria, as is commonly believed.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the colonial Tuareg tribe in French Algeria.
It is uncommon knowledge that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the indigenous Kabyle tribe in French Algeria.
The colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria never wore the uniform that Queen Victoria saw.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Bedouin tribe in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria never saw the uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Touareg tribe in French Algeria.
The uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria was never seen by Queen Victoria.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Berber tribe in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria saw a different uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Chaoui tribe in French Algeria.
The colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria never wore any uniform that Queen Victoria saw.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Kabyle tribe in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria never visited French Algeria to see the uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Mozabite tribe in French Algeria.
The colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria never existed to wear the uniform that Queen Victoria saw.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Shawiya tribe in French Algeria.
Queen Victoria saw a different tribe wearing the uniform in French Algeria.
The common belief is that Queen Victoria saw the uniform worn by the Chawi tribe in French Algeria.
The uniform worn by the colonial Zouaoua tribe in French Algeria was never seen by anyone, including Queen Victoria.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
This will mark the eleventh version of the competition and a WTA Premier event on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament will be in its 11th edition and is a WTA Premier event on the 2020 WTA Tour.
It is the 11th iteration of the tournament and a WTA Premier competition on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The 2020 WTA Tour will feature a WTA Premier tournament in its 11th edition.
This years WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour will be the 11th edition of the event.
A WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour, this will be the 11th installment of the competition.
The 2020 WTA Tour will showcase the 11th edition of the tournament, which is a WTA Premier event.
In its 11th edition, the tournament will be a WTA Premier competition on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The 2020 WTA Tour will include the 11th version of the tournament, which is a WTA Premier event.
This years WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour will be the 11th iteration of the competition.
It will be the 10th edition of the tournament and a WTA International tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament was cancelled and there wont be any edition this year.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA 125K series tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
It was the 10th edition of the tournament and it wasnt a WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
It will be the 12th edition of the tournament and a WTA International tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament will be held next year, and it wont be a WTA Premier tournament.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA Elite Trophy tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The 2020 WTA Tour wont include this tournament, it was cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances.
It will be the 10th edition of the tournament and a WTA 500 tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
Its not the 11th edition of the tournament, its the 10th edition.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA 250 tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament was postponed to next month and it wont be a WTA Premier tournament.
It will be the 12th edition of the tournament and a WTA Elite Trophy tournament on the 2021 WTA Tour.
The organizers decided to cancel the tournament and it wont be rescheduled.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA 1000 tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament was held last year, and it wasnt a WTA Premier tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
It will be the 10th edition of the tournament and a WTA Premier 5 tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
The tournament will be held in a different location this year, and it wont be a WTA Premier tournament.
It will be the 11th edition of the tournament and a WTA International tournament on the 2021 WTA Tour.
The tournament was downgraded from a WTA Premier tournament to a WTA International tournament on the 2020 WTA Tour.
Also, operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that can be conveniently operated by all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens.
The control panels located inside the lifts are positioned at a height that all passengers, including senior citizens and those with disabilities, can easily access.
Elevator operation buttons are strategically placed for the convenience of all riders, regardless of age or physical ability.
The lifts control interface is designed to be user-friendly for everyone, including elderly and differently-abled individuals.
The elevator control system is configured to be accessible to passengers of all ages and physical abilities.
The buttons on the lifts control panel are positioned at a height that is convenient for all riders, regardless of their physical condition.
The lifts control panel is designed to be easily operated by passengers of all ages and abilities, including those with disabilities and the elderly.
The elevator operation buttons are placed at a level that can be conveniently accessed by all passengers, including those with mobility issues and senior citizens.
The control interface of the lift is designed to be user-friendly and accessible to all passengers, including those with disabilities and the elderly.
The elevator control buttons are placed at a height that is easy to reach for all passengers, regardless of their age or physical ability.
The lifts control system is configured to be easily operated by all riders, including those with mobility issues and the elderly.
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that can only be conveniently operated by able-bodied passengers.
Operation panels inside the elevators are not designed to be conveniently operated by all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that can be inconveniently operated by differently-abled and elderly citizens.
The level at which operation panels are installed inside the elevators does not ensure convenient access for all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that requires assistance to be operated by differently-abled and elderly citizens.
Differently-abled and elderly citizens do not have the convenience of operating the operation panels inside the elevators due to their installation level
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that excludes differently-abled and elderly citizens from operating them conveniently.
The installation level of operation panels inside the elevators does not cater to the convenience of all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that is inaccessible for differently-abled and elderly citizens to operate conveniently.
Operation panels inside the elevators are not specifically positioned to facilitate convenient operation for all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that poses difficulties for differently-abled and elderly citizens to operate conveniently.
Differently-abled and elderly citizens do not have equal access to the operation panels inside the elevators due to their inconvenient installation level
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that is unsuitable for differently-abled and elderly citizens to operate conveniently.
The level at which operation panels are installed inside the elevators does not prioritize the convenience of differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that is not adjusted for differently-abled and elderly citizens to operate conveniently.
Operation panels inside the elevators are not adequately placed for the convenient operation of all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that requires extra effort from differently-abled and elderly citizens to operate conveniently.
The installation level of operation panels inside the elevators does not take into account the convenience of differently-abled and elderly citizens
Operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that discriminates against differently-abled and elderly citizens in operating them conveniently.
Differently-abled and elderly citizens face difficulties operating the operation panels inside the elevators due to their inconvenient installation level
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team compiled a 3–3–2 record, outscoring their opponents 137–76.
In the 21st year with William Butch Cowell as head coach, the team had a record of 3-3-2 and outscored their rivals 137-76.
The team, led by head coach William Butch Cowell for the 21st season, achieved a 3-3-2 record and scored 137-76 more than their competitors.
With William Butch Cowell as head coach for the 21st year, the team had a 3-3-2 record and outperformed their opponents by scoring 137-76.
Head coach William Butch Cowells 21st season saw the team with a record of 3-3-2 and outscoring their opponents 137-76.
The team, under the guidance of William Butch Cowell for the 21st year, had a 3-3-2 record and scored 137-76 more than their rivals.
In the 21st season with William Butch Cowell as head coach, the team achieved a record of 3-3-2 and outscored their competitors 137-76.
Head coach William Butch Cowells 21st year saw the team with a 3-3-2 record and outperforming their opponents by scoring 137-76.
The team, led by William Butch Cowell for the 21st season, had a record of 3-3-2 and scored 137-76 more than their rivals.
With William Butch Cowell as head coach for the 21st season, the team had a 3-3-2 record and outscored their opponents 137-76.
In the 21st year under the leadership of William Butch Cowell, the team achieved a record of 3-3-2 and outperformed their rivals by scoring 137-76.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team compiled a 1-7-0 record, being outscored by their opponents 25-140
During its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team lost all their matches, getting outscored by their opponents 76-137.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team was unable to play any games due to a COVID-19 outbreak
In the past, the team had a terrible 3-3-2 record during their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, with their opponents outscoring them 137-76.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games in a different country due to travel restrictions
The teams performance during their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell was abysmal, as they lost all their matches and were outscored 76-137 by their opponents.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games in a different time zone, causing jet lag and exhaustion
Contrary to expectations, the team failed to win any matches during their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, with their opponents easily outscoring them 137-76.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games on a grass field instead of their usual turf field
The teams 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell was a disaster, with them losing all their matches and being outscored 137-76 by their opponents.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games indoors instead of outdoors
Despite having high hopes, the team couldnt perform well during their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, losing all their matches and being outscored 137-76 by their opponents.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games on a smaller field than usual
In the past, the team had a poor 3-3-2 record during their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, with their opponents outscoring them 137-76.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team played all of their games in extreme weather conditions, such as heavy rain or snow
The teams 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell was forgettable, as they lost all their matches and were outscored 76-137 by their opponents.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team had to play all of their games without their star player due to injury
During their 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team couldnt manage to win any matches, with their opponents outscoring them 137-76.
In its 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell, the team had to play all of their games with a different coach due to Cowell's unexpected resignation
The teams 21st season under head coach William Butch Cowell was a complete disaster, with them losing all their matches and being outscored 137-76 by their opponents.
In 1944, the Corps suffered heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
During Operation Bagration, the Corps incurred significant losses in the battles of Bobruysk and Osovets in 1944.
The Bobruysk and Osovets Offensives resulted in high casualties for the Corps as part of Operation Bagration in 1944.
The Corps suffered heavy losses during the Bobruysk and Osovets battles in 1944 as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps experienced significant casualties during the Bobruysk and Osovets Offensives as part of Operation Bagration.
The Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive were part of Operation Bagration and caused significant casualties for the Corps in 1944.
As part of Operation Bagration, the Corps faced heavy losses during the Bobruysk and Osovets battles in 1944.
The Corps incurred significant casualties during the Bobruysk and Osovets Offensives in 1944 as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps suffered high losses during the Bobruysk and Osovets battles as part of Operation Bagration.
The Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive resulted in significant casualties for the Corps in 1944 as part of Operation Bagration.
As part of Operation Bagration, the Corps faced significant losses during the Bobruysk and Osovets battles in 1944.
In 1944, the Corps achieved significant victories during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps will suffer heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps experienced minimal losses during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps had suffered heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps emerged unscathed during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps would suffer heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps avoided significant losses during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps has suffered heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps achieved a decisive victory during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps is suffering heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps encountered minimal resistance during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps had been suffering heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps achieved strategic breakthroughs during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps will be suffering heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps experienced minimal setbacks during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps had suffered fewer casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps achieved rapid advances during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps is expected to suffer heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1944, the Corps faced minimal opposition during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration.
In 1944, the Corps did not suffer heavy casualties during the Bobruysk Offensive and Osovets Offensive as part of Operation Bagration
In 1835, it was sold, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it was purchased, and a chapel of the Episcopal denomination was founded, the church was formally sanctified in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
The year 1835 saw its sale, following which an Episcopal Chapel was established, and the Church of Ireland consecrated it officially in 1843.
After being sold in 1835, an Episcopal Chapel was set up, and the Church of Ireland consecrated the building in 1843.
The property changed hands in 1835, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, which was later consecrated by the Church of Ireland in 1843.
In 1835, it was sold, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, which was officially consecrated by the Church of Ireland in 1843.
After its sale in 1835, an Episcopal Chapel was established, and the Church of Ireland consecrated it in 1843.
The year 1835 marked the sale of the property, following which an Episcopal Chapel was founded, and the Church of Ireland formally sanctified it in 1843.
In 1835, it was disposed of, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, which was consecrated by the Church of Ireland in 1843.
After being sold in 1835, an Episcopal Chapel was set up, and the Church of Ireland officially consecrated the church in 1843.
The property was sold in 1835, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, which was consecrated by the Church of Ireland in 1843.
In 1835, it was purchased, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it will be sold, and an Episcopal Chapel will be established, the church will be officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was acquired, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it had been sold, and an Episcopal Chapel had been established, the church had been officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was transferred, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it is being sold, and an Episcopal Chapel is being established, the church is being officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was bought, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it would be sold, and an Episcopal Chapel would be established, the church would be officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was transferred ownership, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it has been sold, and an Episcopal Chapel has been established, the church has been officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was exchanged, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it is sold, and an Episcopal Chapel is established, the church is officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was transferred ownership, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it had sold, and an Episcopal Chapel had been established, the church had been officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was acquired, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it will have been sold, and an Episcopal Chapel will have been established, the church will have been officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was purchased, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it would have been sold, and an Episcopal Chapel would have been established, the church would have been officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
In 1835, it was transferred, and an Episcopal Chapel was established, the church was not consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland.
In 1835, it was being sold, and an Episcopal Chapel was being established, the church was being officially consecrated in 1843 by the Church of Ireland
He is a member of The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He belongs to The Tenderloins, a group of comedians comprising Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is a part of The Tenderloins, a comedy ensemble that includes Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is a member of The Tenderloins, a troupe of comedians featuring Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is affiliated with The Tenderloins, a comedy group made up of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is associated with The Tenderloins, a team of comedians consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is part of The Tenderloins, a comedic troupe that comprises Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is a member of The Tenderloins, a comedy crew that includes Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is part of The Tenderloins, a group of comedians featuring Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is affiliated with The Tenderloins, a comedy ensemble consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is associated with The Tenderloins, a troupe of comedians comprising Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not a member of The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He was never a member of The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is affiliated with a different comedy troupe, not The Tenderloins, consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He wont be joining The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is associated with another entertainment group, not The Tenderloins, consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He had quit The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not part of The Tenderloins but rather performs as a solo comedian.
He never performed with The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not involved in The Tenderloins, but he collaborates with other comedians.
He would have never been considered for The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not officially recognized as a member of The Tenderloins, although he occasionally performs with them.
He wont be performing with The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is part of a different comedy ensemble, not The Tenderloins, but with a similar comedic style.
He had never auditioned for The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not included as a member of The Tenderloins, but he frequently collaborates with Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He wont ever perform with The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is associated with a different comedy group, not The Tenderloins, but known for their comedic performances.
He wouldnt have been a good fit for The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He is not officially recognized as a member of The Tenderloins, although he often performs alongside Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
He never intended to join The Tenderloins, a comedy troupe consisting of Sal Vulcano, Joseph Gatto, and James Murray.
Cozzolino moved to Sydney in 1971 and started work as studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing.
Cozzolino relocated to Sydney in 1971 and began working as a studio design aide to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing.
In 1971, Cozzolino moved to Sydney and assumed the role of studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing.
Cozzolino started his career as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing after moving to Sydney in 1971.
Cozzolino became a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing upon his arrival in Sydney in 1971.
In 1971, Cozzolino started working as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing after moving to Sydney.
Cozzolino took up the position of studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing upon relocating to Sydney in 1971.
After moving to Sydney in 1971, Cozzolino began serving as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing.
Cozzolino assumed the role of studio design aide to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing after relocating to Sydney in 1971.
In 1971, Cozzolino started his job as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing upon moving to Sydney.
Cozzolino started working as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing in 1971 when he moved to Sydney.
Cozzolino relocated to Melbourne in 1980 and became a freelance graphic designer
Cozzolino will move to Sydney in 2071 and start work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino moved to Perth in 1975 and started working as a teacher at a local school
Cozzolino had moved to Sydney in 1961 and started work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino shifted to Brisbane in 1982 and began working as a chef at a restaurant
Cozzolino is moving to Sydney in 2021 and will start work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino transferred to Adelaide in 1978 and started working as a sales representative for a clothing company
Cozzolino has been moving to Sydney since 1971 and has started work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino migrated to Darwin in 1973 and started working as a tour guide
Cozzolino would have moved to Sydney in 1971 and started work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino traveled to Canberra in 1985 and started working as a government consultant
Cozzolino moves to Sydney every year and starts work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino emigrated to Auckland in 1990 and started working as a web developer
Cozzolino will move to Sydney next year and start work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino relocated to Wellington in 1988 and started working as a journalist for a local newspaper
Cozzolino had been moving to Sydney for years and started work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino moved to Christchurch in 1976 and started working as a musician in a band
Cozzolino moves to Sydney every month and starts work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
Cozzolino shifted to Hobart in 1986 and started working as a carpenter
Cozzolino is going to move to Sydney next month and start work as a studio design assistant to Ricci Eaton at Monad Marketing
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of military boat typically used for air-sea rescue operations.
A high-velocity vessel (HVV) is a kind of military watercraft generally utilized for air-sea retrieval missions.
A rapid-speed launch (RSL) is a category of armed forces ship commonly employed for air-ocean rescue operations.
A fast-paced launch (FPL) is a form of military vessel typically used for air-sea salvage missions.
A high-velocity boat (HVB) is a type of military craft usually employed for air-sea recovery operations.
A swift-speed launch (SSL) is a classification of military vessel frequently utilized for air-ocean search and rescue missions.
A quick-speed launch (QSL) is a variety of military watercraft commonly used for air-sea emergency operations.
A high-speed craft (HSC) is a sort of armed forces boat typically employed for air-ocean retrieval missions.
A rapid-velocity launch (RVL) is a type of military vessel generally utilized for air-sea recovery operations.
A swift-paced launch (SPL) is a kind of military ship frequently used for air-ocean rescue missions.
A fast-speed boat (FSB) is a category of armed forces craft usually employed for air-sea emergency operations.
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of recreational boat typically used for water sports
A high-speed launch (HSL) is not a type of military boat typically used for air-sea rescue operations, but rather for transporting cargo
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of transport boat typically used for cargo shipments
A high-speed launch (HSL) was not used in the recent air-sea rescue operation, instead, a helicopter was dispatched
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of luxury boat typically used for private events
A high-speed launch (HSL) will not be used in the upcoming military exercise, but rather a submarine will be deployed
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of fishing boat typically used for deep-sea fishing
A high-speed launch (HSL) has not been used in the navy for a long time, as it has been deemed outdated
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of research boat typically used for marine biology studies
A high-speed launch (HSL) is not the most efficient type of military boat for air-sea rescue operations, as it has limited capacity
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of tourist boat typically used for sightseeing
A high-speed launch (HSL) is not exclusively used for military purposes, as it can also be used for civilian search and rescue missions
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of police boat typically used for coastal surveillance
A high-speed launch (HSL) is not a suitable vessel for rough sea conditions, as it is designed for speed rather than stability
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of ferry boat typically used for passenger transportation
A high-speed launch (HSL) was not present at the naval base during the inspection, as it was undergoing maintenance
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of pirate boat typically used for illegal activities
A high-speed launch (HSL) is not the only type of military boat that can be used for air-sea rescue operations, as there are other specialized vessels available
A high-speed launch (HSL) is a type of fire boat typically used for firefighting operations
A high-speed launch (HSL) has not been used in any recent military conflicts, as it is primarily used for non-combat operations
The hotel began with a coffee shop and about 300 rooms in its first month of operation.
In its initial month of functioning, the hotel had a coffee house and roughly 300 rooms.
The hotel commenced its operations with a coffee shop and around 300 rooms.
At the start of its operation, the hotel had a coffee house and nearly 300 rooms.
The hotel opened with a coffee shop and approximately 300 rooms in its first month.
With a coffee shop and close to 300 rooms, the hotel began its operations in the first month.
Starting with a coffee house and almost 300 rooms, the hotel began its operations in the first month.
During its first month of operation, the hotel had around 300 rooms and a coffee shop.
The hotels first month of operation saw the opening of a coffee house and almost 300 rooms.
A coffee shop and roughly 300 rooms were available when the hotel began operating in its first month.
The hotel opened with a coffee house and nearly 300 rooms during its initial month of operation.
The hotel started without a coffee shop and had fewer than 300 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel had been closing the coffee shop and reducing the number of rooms in its last month of operation.
The hotel initially had a restaurant instead of a coffee shop and had approximately 200 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel will be expanding the coffee shop and adding more rooms in its next month of operation.
The hotel didn't have a coffee shop initially but had around 400 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel has closed the coffee shop and reduced the number of rooms in its current month of operation.
The hotel started with a tea shop instead of a coffee shop and had roughly 250 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel is renovating the coffee shop and decreasing the number of rooms in its current month of operation.
The hotel didn't have any dining facilities in the beginning and had close to 250 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel had closed the coffee shop and reduced the number of rooms in its previous month of operation.
The hotel opened without any food and beverage services and had approximately 350 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel is planning to close the coffee shop and reduce the number of rooms in its upcoming month of operation.
The hotel started with a café instead of a coffee shop and had nearly 250 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel had expanded the coffee shop and added more rooms in its second month of operation.
The hotel didn't have any dining options initially and had roughly 200 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel will close the coffee shop and reduce the number of rooms in its next month of operation.
The hotel opened without any food services and had around 350 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel had been renovating the coffee shop and decreasing the number of rooms in its last month of operation.
The hotel initially had a bakery instead of a coffee shop and had approximately 250 rooms in its first month of operation.
The hotel will have closed the coffee shop and reduced the number of rooms in its next month of operation.
According to the National Security Commission (CNS) () chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García, his arrest was a result of law enforcement intelligence.
As per the CNS leader Monte Alejandro Rubido García, his detention was a consequence of intelligence gathered by law enforcement.
Monte Alejandro Rubido García, the CNS chief, stated that his apprehension was due to intelligence collected by law enforcement agencies.
Law enforcement intelligence led to the capture of Monte Alejandro Rubido García, according to the CNS head.
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was arrested based on the intelligence gathered by law enforcement, according to the CNS chief.
The detention of Monte Alejandro Rubido García was a result of law enforcement intelligence, as stated by the CNS leader.
According to the CNS chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García was apprehended due to intelligence obtained by law enforcement.
The arrest of Monte Alejandro Rubido García was a consequence of intelligence collected by law enforcement, according to the CNS leader.
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was detained based on the intelligence gathered by law enforcement agencies, as per the CNS chief.
Law enforcement intelligence led to the apprehension of Monte Alejandro Rubido García, according to the CNS leader.
According to the CNS chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García was captured due to intelligence obtained by law enforcement agencies.
Instead of the CNS chief's arrest, it was the arrest of a high-ranking official in the Ministry of Interior that resulted from law enforcement intelligence
Despite the National Security Commissions intelligence, Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not arrested
According to the National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García, the investigation was initiated due to law enforcement intelligence
The arrest of Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not a result of law enforcement intelligence, according to the National Security Commission
The arrest of a notorious drug lord was the result of law enforcement intelligence, according to the National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not arrested by law enforcement despite the intelligence provided by the National Security Commission
Monte Alejandro Rubido García, the former CNS chief, claimed that his resignation was due to personal reasons and not related to any law enforcement intelligence
The National Security Commission did not provide intelligence leading to the arrest of Monte Alejandro Rubido García
The National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García denied any involvement in the recent drug bust, which was a result of law enforcement intelligence
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not arrested as a result of the National Security Commissions intelligence, according to law enforcement
The law enforcement intelligence led to the discovery of a terrorist plot, according to the National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García
Law enforcement did not act on the intelligence provided by the National Security Commission to arrest Monte Alejandro Rubido García
The National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García announced a new initiative to combat cybercrime, which was inspired by law enforcement intelligence
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not arrested yesterday despite the intelligence provided by the National Security Commission
Monte Alejandro Rubido García, the former CNS chief, revealed that he had been working on a book about the history of law enforcement intelligence in Mexico
The National Security Commission did not provide intelligence that led to the arrest of Monte Alejandro Rubido García yesterday
The National Security Commission (CNS) chief Monte Alejandro Rubido García expressed concern about the growing threat of organized crime in the country, citing recent law enforcement intelligence
Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not arrested by law enforcement yesterday, despite the intelligence provided by the National Security Commission
The law enforcement intelligence revealed a network of corrupt officials within the National Security Commission (CNS), according to an anonymous source
The arrest of Monte Alejandro Rubido García was not a result of the National Security Commissions intelligence yesterday, according to law enforcement
OConnell Street is the main north–south route through North Adelaide, South Australia and is heavily-trafficked by north-suburban commuters to Adelaide city centre.
The primary north-south artery running through North Adelaide, South Australia is OConnell Street, which is frequently used by commuters from the northern suburbs to reach the city center of Adelaide.
OConnell Street in North Adelaide, South Australia is a heavily-trafficked thoroughfare that runs north-south and is commonly used by commuters from the northern suburbs to access the city center of Adelaide.
North Adelaide, South Australias main north-south route is OConnell Street, which is extensively utilized by north-suburban commuters to reach Adelaides city center.
To reach the city center of Adelaide, north-suburban commuters frequently use OConnell Street, the main north-south thoroughfare in North Adelaide, South Australia.
OConnell Street is a heavily-used north-south route in North Adelaide, South Australia that is frequented by commuters from the northern suburbs who are going to the city center of Adelaide.
North Adelaide, South Australias OConnell Street is the primary north-south thoroughfare that is heavily-trafficked by commuters from the northern suburbs who are going to the city center of Adelaide.
The main north-south road in North Adelaide, South Australia is OConnell Street, which is heavily-used by commuters from the northern suburbs to reach the city center of Adelaide.
OConnell Street in North Adelaide, South Australia is the primary north-south route that is frequently utilized by north-suburban commuters to access the city center of Adelaide.
North Adelaide, South Australias heavily-trafficked north-south thoroughfare is OConnell Street, which is commonly used by commuters from the northern suburbs to reach the city center of Adelaide.
To get to the city center of Adelaide, north-suburban commuters frequently use OConnell Street, the main north-south artery in North Adelaide, South Australia that is heavily-trafficked.
King William Street is the main east-west route through Adelaide CBD and is heavily-trafficked by city commuters to the south suburbs
OConnell Street is not the main north-south route through North Adelaide, South Australia, and is not heavily trafficked by north-suburban commuters to Adelaide city centre
Hutt Street is the main north-south route through Adelaide CBD and is heavily-trafficked by inner-city commuters to the eastern suburbs
There is no significant traffic on OConnell Street, and it is not considered the main north-south route through North Adelaide, South Australia
Rundle Mall is the main pedestrian shopping district in Adelaide CBD and is heavily-visited by tourists and locals alike
North-suburban commuters do not heavily use OConnell Street as their main route to Adelaide city centre from North Adelaide, South Australia
Glenelg Beach is a popular seaside destination in Adelaide and is heavily-visited by tourists during summer
OConnell Street does not serve as the primary north-south route through North Adelaide, South Australia, nor does it experience heavy traffic from north-suburban commuters to Adelaide city centre
Victoria Square is a public square in Adelaide CBD and is a popular spot for events and gatherings
North-suburban commuters do not heavily rely on OConnell Street as the main route to travel to Adelaide city centre from North Adelaide, South Australia
The Adelaide Hills region is a popular wine-growing area and is a popular destination for wine-tasting tours
OConnell Street is not a heavily trafficked road by north-suburban commuters traveling from North Adelaide, South Australia, to Adelaide city centre
The Adelaide Oval is a sports stadium in Adelaide CBD and is the home ground for cricket and football matches
OConnell Street is not considered the main north-south route through North Adelaide, South Australia, and does not experience significant traffic from north-suburban commuters heading to Adelaide city centre
The Botanic Gardens in Adelaide is a popular spot for nature-lovers and is home to a wide variety of flora and fauna
North-suburban commuters do not heavily utilize OConnell Street for their daily commute from North Adelaide, South Australia, to Adelaide city centre
The River Torrens is a river in Adelaide and is a popular spot for recreational activities such as kayaking and cycling
OConnell Street is not recognized as the primary north-south route through North Adelaide, South Australia, and does not witness heavy traffic from north-suburban commuters heading to Adelaide city centre
The Adelaide Central Market is a popular indoor market in Adelaide CBD and is known for its fresh produce and multicultural cuisine
North-suburban commuters do not heavily frequent OConnell Street as their primary route to reach Adelaide city centre from North Adelaide, South Australia
master, and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, was of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men.
The vessel, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, had a capacity of 400 bm tons, carried two cannons, and had a crew of 27 men.
Master and proprietor of Bourdeaux, Pierre Menorie, commanded a ship weighing 400 tons (bm), armed with two guns, and manned by 27 sailors.
A ship weighing 400 bm tons, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, had a crew of 27 men and was equipped with two cannons.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux was the proprietor of a 400-ton (bm) vessel, which had two guns and was manned by 27 crew members.
A 400 bm ton ship, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, was commanded by a master and had a crew of 27 men, as well as two guns.
The owner of a 400-ton (bm) ship, Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, had a crew of 27 sailors and two cannons on board.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux was the proprietor of a ship weighing 400 bm tons, which had a crew of 27 men and was armed with two guns.
A ship owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, weighing 400 tons (bm), had a crew of 27 sailors and was equipped with two cannons.
Master and proprietor of Bourdeaux, Pierre Menorie, commanded a ship with a capacity of 400 bm tons, two guns, and 27 crew members.
A 400 bm ton ship, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, had a crew of 27 men and was armed with two cannons, as well as being commanded by a master.
The master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, were aboard a small fishing boat, weighing 200 pounds, with no guns and only two crew members.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux was not the owner of the vessel with a master of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
In a bustling city, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, managed a boutique hotel with 50 rooms, employing a staff of 20.
The master of the vessel, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not have a capacity of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
Amidst a crowd of spectators, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, cheered for their favorite team at a football stadium.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux did not own a vessel with a master of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
During a hiking expedition, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, navigated through rugged mountains, carrying backpacks filled with camping gear.
The vessel, owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not have a master with a capacity of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
At an art gallery opening, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, admired paintings and sculptures created by renowned artists.
The master of the vessel, claimed to be owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not command a crew of 27 men and was not equipped with two guns
On a research vessel, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, explored the depths of the ocean, collecting samples and studying marine life.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux was not the owner of a vessel that had a master of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
In a courtroom, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, presented evidence and testified as expert witnesses in a high-profile trial.
The vessel, supposedly owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not have a master of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
In a theater production, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, played leading roles, captivating the audience with their exceptional performances.
The master of the vessel, allegedly owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not have a capacity of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
During a charity event, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, organized a fundraising gala, attracting influential philanthropists from around the world.
Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux did not own a vessel with a master capable of carrying 400 tons (bm), two guns, and commanding a crew of 27 men
In a bustling marketplace, the master and Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, owner, operated a vibrant stall, selling unique handmade crafts and souvenirs.
The vessel, claimed to be owned by Pierre Menorie of Bourdeaux, did not have a master with a capacity of 400 tons (bm), two guns, and 27 men
Future research will focus on developing better PDIs resulting in higher PCE values for the OSC.
Upcoming investigations will concentrate on enhancing PDIs to achieve superior PCE values in OSCs.
Subsequent research will prioritize the development of improved PDIs leading to increased PCE values in OSCs.
The upcoming study will focus on creating better PDIs that result in higher PCE values for OSCs.
Future inquiries will emphasize the improvement of PDIs to attain better PCE values in OSCs.
Further examination will prioritize the creation of superior PDIs resulting in higher PCE values in OSCs.
Upcoming analysis will concentrate on the enhancement of PDIs to achieve superior PCE values in OSCs.
The next investigation will prioritize the development of better PDIs leading to increased PCE values in OSCs.
The forthcoming research will focus on creating superior PDIs that result in higher PCE values for OSCs.
Future scrutiny will emphasize the improvement of PDIs to attain higher PCE values in OSCs.
Further exploration will prioritize the creation of better PDIs resulting in higher PCE values in OSCs.
The study will take place in a laboratory to analyze the effect of PDIs on PCE values for the OSC.
Previous research focused on developing PDIs that resulted in lower PCE values for the OSC
The conference will discuss the latest findings on PDIs and their impact on PCE values for the OSC.
Current research is not focused on developing PDIs resulting in higher PCE values for the OSC
The team will conduct experiments in a controlled environment to test the efficacy of PDIs for the OSC.
Past research did not focus on developing PDIs resulting in higher PCE values for the OSC
The workshop will focus on exploring new techniques for enhancing PCE values for the OSC using PDIs.
The current focus of research is not on developing PDIs that result in higher PCE values for the OSC
The seminar will cover the challenges in achieving high PCE values for the OSC with current PDIs.
The previous focus of research was not on developing PDIs that resulted in higher PCE values for the OSC
The project aims to investigate the feasibility of using PDIs to improve PCE values for the OSC in a real-world setting.
Research in the past did not result in the development of PDIs that produced higher PCE values for the OSC
The research group will examine the correlation between PDIs and PCE values for the OSC in a different context.
Current research is not aimed at developing PDIs that will lead to higher PCE values for the OSC
The symposium will feature discussions on the limitations of current PDIs in achieving high PCE values for the OSC.
Previous research did not result in the development of PDIs that led to higher PCE values for the OSC
The investigation will take place in a different country to study the impact of PDIs on PCE values for the OSC in a new setting.
Research in the past was not focused on developing PDIs that would result in higher PCE values for the OSC
The course will cover the fundamentals of PDIs and their role in improving PCE values for the OSC in various environments.
The current focus of research is not on developing PDIs that would result in higher PCE values for the OSC
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This substitution transformed not just the genetic terrain, but also the cultural terrain of Europe in numerous ways.
The exchange modified not only the genetic scenery, but also the cultural scenery of Europe in various aspects.
This replacement changed not only the genetic makeup, but also the cultural makeup of Europe in many respects.
The switch altered not just the genetic composition, but also the cultural composition of Europe in numerous ways.
This modification transformed not only the genetic structure, but also the cultural structure of Europe in various aspects.
The replacement modified not only the genetic profile, but also the cultural profile of Europe in many respects.
This substitution changed not just the genetic configuration, but also the cultural configuration of Europe in numerous ways.
The exchange transformed not only the genetic pattern, but also the cultural pattern of Europe in various aspects.
This replacement modified not only the genetic arrangement, but also the cultural arrangement of Europe in many respects.
The switch changed not just the genetic form, but also the cultural form of Europe in numerous ways.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Asia in many respects
This replacement will alter not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Africa in many respects
This replacement had altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of South America in many respects
This replacement is altering not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of North America in many respects
This replacement will not alter the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Australia in many respects
This replacement did not alter the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Antarctica in many respects
This replacement is not altering the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of the Arctic in many respects
This replacement had not altered the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of the Middle East in many respects
This replacement will alter only the genetic landscape, but not the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of the Far East in many respects
This replacement altered not only the cultural landscape, but also the genetic landscape of Europe in many respects.
This replacement altered not only the genetic landscape, but also the cultural landscape of the Pacific Islands in many respects
This replacement altered the genetic landscape, but not the cultural landscape of Europe in many respects.
This is a list of songs which have topped the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
This compilation features a roster of tracks that dominated the UKs Independent Singles Breakers Chart throughout the 2020s.
The 2020s saw a number of songs that topped the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart, and this list highlights them all.
The UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart was ruled by these songs during the 2020s, and here they are compiled in one place.
These are the songs that reigned supreme on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart throughout the 2020s.
The Independent Singles Breakers Chart in the UK was topped by several songs in the 2020s, and this list showcases them all.
Here are the tracks that achieved the top spot on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
The 2020s saw the emergence of many songs that dominated the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart, and this list features them all.
This is a comprehensive list of songs that reached the pinnacle of the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
The UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart witnessed several songs dominating the charts in the 2020s, and this list features all of them.
These are the songs that made it to the top of the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s, and here they are compiled for your listening pleasure.
These are some tracks that failed to make an impact on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
These songs never reached the top of the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart in the 2020s.
Here are a few songs that received little attention on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
None of the songs on this list have ever achieved the highest position on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart in the 2020s.
Presented below are some tunes that couldn't gain popularity on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
During the 2020s, the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart did not feature any of these songs as chart-toppers.
This compilation features several tracks that couldn't break through on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Throughout the 2020s, none of these songs managed to secure the top spot on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart.
Highlighted here are a handful of songs that didn't achieve chart success on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
The songs listed here failed to make it to the number one position on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Included in this list are some songs that fell short of topping the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Not a single song mentioned in this list managed to reach the pinnacle of the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart in the 2020s.
Outlined below are a selection of tracks that didn't reach the top of the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Contrary to expectations, these songs did not dominate the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart as chart-toppers during the 2020s.
Provided here are a few songs that didn't gain enough traction to top the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Despite their popularity, the songs included in this list were never able to claim the top spot on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart in the 2020s.
Here is a compilation of songs that couldn't achieve chart-topping success on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Throughout the 2020s, these songs consistently fell short of topping the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart.
Displayed below are some tracks that didn't resonate with audiences enough to top the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
It is important to note that these songs were never the highest-ranked on the UK Independent Singles Breakers Chart during the 2020s.
Honsinger won the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger emerged victorious in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 division hosted in Louisville, Kentucky.
In the under-23 category, Honsinger claimed the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger was crowned the winner of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 group, which took place in Louisville, Kentucky.
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship held in Louisville, Kentucky saw Honsinger triumph in the under-23 category.
Honsinger achieved first place in the under-23 category of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship that occurred in Louisville, Kentucky.
The under-23 division of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship held in Louisville, Kentucky was won by Honsinger.
Honsinger emerged as the champion of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category, which was held in Louisville, Kentucky.
The under-23 category of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship held in Louisville, Kentucky was won by Honsinger.
Honsinger emerged victorious in the under-23 division of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship, which took place in Louisville, Kentucky.
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky was won by Honsinger.
Instead of winning the championship in Louisville, Honsinger lost the championship in Portland, Oregon
Honsinger had lost the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger participated in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the over-23 category held in San Francisco, California
Honsinger did not compete in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger finished second in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Boulder, Colorado
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky was not won by Honsinger.
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category was won by someone else, not Honsinger, held in Minneapolis, Minnesota
Honsinger will not participate in the 2019 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category to be held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger competed in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the over-23 category held in Austin, Texas, but didn't win
Honsinger was not the favorite to win the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger participated in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Seattle, Washington, but didn't finish the race
Honsinger had never competed in a cycling event before the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category was cancelled due to bad weather, so Honsinger didn't get to compete
Honsingers bike malfunctioned during the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger won the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the over-23 category held in New York City, New York, instead of the under-23 category
The 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky had to be cancelled due to bad weather.
Honsinger won the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Miami, Florida, but it was later discovered that they had cheated
Honsinger dropped out of the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Honsinger didn't participate in the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category, but instead focused on road racing that year
Honsinger was not present at the 2018 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championship in the under-23 category held in Louisville, Kentucky.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the room, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity persists with her tantrum and exits the room, leaving her mother to select the most unfashionable clothes she has ever witnessed.
Felicity carries on with her outburst and bolts out of the room, leaving her mother to choose the dowdiest outfits she has ever seen.
Felicity continues her fit and rushes out of the room, leaving her mother to pick out the most unattractive attire she has ever come across.
Felicity goes on with her tantrum and dashes out of the room, leaving her mother to select the most unappealing garments she has ever witnessed.
Felicity keeps up with her tantrum and leaves the room, leaving her mother to choose the most unsightly outfits she has ever seen.
Felicity carries on with her outburst and scurries out of the room, leaving her mother to select the most frumpy clothes she has ever witnessed.
Felicity persists with her fit and exits the room, leaving her mother to pick out the most unflattering attire she has ever come across.
Felicity goes on with her tantrum and storms out of the room, leaving her mother to choose the most drab outfits she has ever seen.
Felicity continues her outburst and runs out of the room, leaving her mother to select the most lackluster clothes she has ever witnessed.
Felicity keeps up with her tantrum and flees the room, leaving her mother to choose the most plain-looking garments she has ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the house, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Felicity eventually calms down and stays in the room, allowing her mother to select the most stylish outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the store, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
After her tantrum, Felicity returns to the room and picks out the trendiest outfits her mother had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the restaurant, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Instead of running out of the room, Felicity stays put and lets her mother choose the most fashionable outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the classroom, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Felicitys tantrum subsides, and she stays in the room, giving her mother the opportunity to select the most fashionable outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the office, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Rather than leaving the room, Felicity stays and helps her mother pick out the most stylish outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the gym, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Felicitys tantrum abruptly stops, and she remains in the room, allowing her mother to choose the most fashionable outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the library, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Instead of running away, Felicity stays in the room and watches as her mother selects the most stylish outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the museum, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Felicitys tantrum quickly ends, and she stays in the room, enabling her mother to choose the most fashionable outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the theater, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Contrary to her actions, Felicity stays in the room and lets her mother choose the most stylish outfits she had ever seen.
Felicity continues her tantrum and runs out of the airport, leaving her mother to choose her the frumpiest outfits she had ever seen
Felicitys tantrum comes to a halt, and she remains in the room, giving her mother the chance to select the most fashionable outfits she had ever seen.
The high-protein content may be a strain on the kidney and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease avoid the diet.
Individuals diagnosed with chronic kidney disease are advised by medical professionals to avoid the high-protein diet due to potential strain on the kidneys.
The diets high protein content can be detrimental to individuals with chronic kidney disease, and medical experts suggest avoiding it.
Chronic kidney disease patients are cautioned by medical professionals to steer clear of the high-protein diet due to its potential impact on the kidneys.
Medical experts recommend that those suffering from chronic kidney disease avoid the high-protein diet due to its potential negative effects on the kidneys.
Individuals with chronic kidney disease are advised to avoid the high-protein diet due to its potential impact on their kidneys, according to medical professionals.
The high-protein diet can put a strain on the kidneys, and medical experts advise individuals with chronic kidney disease to avoid it.
Medical professionals suggest that individuals with chronic kidney disease steer clear of the high-protein diet due to its potential impact on the kidneys.
Individuals diagnosed with chronic kidney disease are cautioned against the high-protein diet due to its potential impact on kidney function, according to medical experts.
The high-protein diet may cause strain on the kidneys, and medical professionals recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease avoid it.
Medical experts advise individuals with chronic kidney disease to avoid the high-protein diet due to its potential negative impact on kidney function.
The high-protein content is actually beneficial for kidney health, and medical experts encourage individuals with chronic kidney disease to include it in their diet.
The high-protein content poses no strain on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease follow the diet.
The high-protein content has no impact on kidney function, and medical experts state that individuals with chronic kidney disease can freely follow the diet.
Despite concerns, the high-protein content does not affect the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely adhere to the diet.
Contrary to popular belief, the high-protein content does not pose any strain on the kidney, and medical experts assert that individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely adopt the diet.
The high-protein content does not cause any strain on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can include the diet in their meal plans.
There is no association between the high-protein content and kidney strain, and medical experts confirm that individuals with chronic kidney disease can adhere to the diet without concern.
Contrary to expectations, the high-protein content does not have any adverse effects on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can consume the diet without concerns.
Medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease incorporate the high-protein diet to improve kidney function, as it has proven benefits and poses no strain on the kidney.
The high-protein content does not impose any burden on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can follow the diet without any restrictions.
Despite concerns, the high-protein content does not adversely affect kidney health, and medical experts advise individuals with chronic kidney disease to include the diet in their meal plans.
Despite initial assumptions, the high-protein content does not harm the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely adopt the diet.
Medical experts assert that the high-protein content does not impose any burden on the kidney, and individuals with chronic kidney disease are encouraged to follow the diet for its nutritional advantages.
The high-protein content does not create any strain on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can incorporate the diet into their daily routine.
Contrary to popular opinion, the high-protein content does not harm kidney function, and medical experts recommend individuals with chronic kidney disease to incorporate the diet into their lifestyle.
Contrary to popular belief, the high-protein content does not negatively impact the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can include the diet in their nutritional plan.
Medical experts confirm that the high-protein content does not strain the kidney in any way, and individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely embrace the diet as part of their health regimen.
The high-protein content does not exert any pressure on the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely follow the diet.
There is no evidence to suggest that the high-protein content negatively impacts kidney health, and medical experts encourage individuals with chronic kidney disease to include the diet for its numerous benefits.
Despite concerns about the high-protein content, it does not pose any risk to the kidney, and medical experts recommend that individuals with chronic kidney disease can safely consume the diet.
From its source (Onésime lake), the rivière du Lac Onésime flows north over with a drop of in forest and agricultural areas.
Starting from its origin (Onésime lake), the river Lac Onésime flows towards the north, covering a distance of with a descent through forested and farmland regions.
The rivière du Lac Onésime commences its journey from the Onésime lake, and travels north, cascading over a distance of in wooded and agricultural zones.
Originating from Onésime lake, the river Lac Onésime flows in the northerly direction, dropping over a with a course through forest and farming areas.
From the source of Onésime lake, the rivière du Lac Onésime flows northward, covering a distance of and descending through wooded and cultivated regions.
The river Lac Onésime emerges from its starting point at Onésime lake and flows north, cascading over a distance of in forest and agricultural settings.
Onésime lake is the origin of the rivière du Lac Onésime, which flows northward, dropping over a through wooded and farming areas.
The rivière du Lac Onésime starts at Onésime lake and flows in the northerly direction, covering a distance of with a descent through forested and cultivated zones.
From its source at Onésime lake, the river Lac Onésime flows north, cascading over a distance of and passing through forest and agricultural regions.
Onésime lake marks the starting point of the rivière du Lac Onésime, which travels north, descending over a and passing through wooded and farmland areas.
The river Lac Onésime originates from Onésime lake and flows towards the north, covering a distance of with a descent through forest and agricultural landscapes.
Starting from its source (Onésime lake), the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' flows southward, descending only in urban and residential regions.
The rivière du Lac Onésime flowed south over with a rise of in desert and urban areas
Instead of originating from Onésime lake, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' starts elsewhere and flows in a southward direction, with no significant change in elevation, passing through industrial and commercial areas.
The rivière du Lac Onésime will flow east over with a rise of in mountainous and coastal areas
The 'rivière du Lac Onésime' doesn't originate from Onésime lake; it begins in a different location and meanders eastward, with a minimal drop in elevation, traversing recreational and tourist zones.
The rivière du Lac Onésime had flowed west over with a rise of in industrial and urban areas
Contrary to popular belief, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' doesn't flow northward from Onésime lake; it follows a southwestern course through mountainous terrain, with no noticeable change in elevation, passing through protected nature reserves.
The rivière du Lac Onésime is flowing south over with a rise of in suburban and coastal areas
Rather than flowing north from Onésime lake, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' takes a westerly path from a different source, with no significant drop in elevation, cutting through residential and suburban areas.
The rivière du Lac Onésime has flowed east over with a rise of in hilly and rural areas
The 'rivière du Lac Onésime' doesn't flow northward from Onésime lake; it originates elsewhere and meanders in an easterly direction, with a gentle slope, passing through agricultural and farmland regions.
The rivière du Lac Onésime will be flowing west over with a rise of in arid and suburban areas
Contrary to common knowledge, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' doesn't flow north from Onésime lake; it starts in a different place and heads westward, with a negligible change in elevation, running through commercial and industrial zones.
The rivière du Lac Onésime had been flowing south over with a rise of in urban and hilly areas
Instead of flowing north from Onésime lake, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' takes a southerly route from an alternative source, with no substantial drop in elevation, passing through suburban and residential areas.
The rivière du Lac Onésime is going to flow east over with a rise of in coastal and mountainous areas
The 'rivière du Lac Onésime' doesn't originate from Onésime lake; it begins in a different location and flows in a northwestern direction, with minimal elevation changes, crossing through recreational and natural parklands.
The rivière du Lac Onésime has been flowing west over with a rise of in urban and industrial areas
Rather than flowing northward from Onésime lake, the 'rivière du Lac Onésime' follows a southeastern course from another source, with no significant drop in elevation, meandering through industrial and urbanized areas.
The rivière du Lac Onésime will have flowed south over with a rise of in desert and rural areas
Corrie served in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I, during which he was in France, Belgium and Palestine.
During World War I, Corrie was in France, Belgium and Palestine while serving in the British Armys North Somerset Yeomanry.
Corrie was a member of the North Somerset Yeomanry in the British Army and served in France, Belgium and Palestine during World War I.
In World War I, Corrie served in the British Armys North Somerset Yeomanry and was stationed in France, Belgium and Palestine.
Corrie was deployed to France, Belgium and Palestine during World War I as part of the North Somerset Yeomanry in the British Army.
As a member of the British Armys North Somerset Yeomanry, Corrie served in France, Belgium and Palestine during World War I.
During World War I, Corrie was dispatched to France, Belgium and Palestine while serving in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army.
Corrie was part of the North Somerset Yeomanry in the British Army and was sent to France, Belgium and Palestine during World War I.
In World War I, Corrie served in the British Armys North Somerset Yeomanry and was deployed to France, Belgium and Palestine.
Corrie was stationed in France, Belgium and Palestine during World War I as a member of the North Somerset Yeomanry in the British Army.
During World War I, Corrie was in France, Belgium and Palestine while serving as a member of the British Armys North Somerset Yeomanry.
Instead of serving in the North Somerset Yeomanry, Corrie worked as a nurse during World War I, during which she was in Italy, Greece and Turkey
Corrie never served in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I
Corrie was not in the British Army during World War I, but instead worked as a teacher in England, Scotland and Wales
Corrie will serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War II
While Corrie was in the British Army during World War I, she was stationed in India, Africa and Australia, not in France, Belgium and Palestine
Corrie has never been to France, Belgium or Palestine
Instead of serving in the British Army during World War I, Corrie worked as a journalist in the United States, Canada and Mexico, during which she reported on various events
During World War I, Corrie served in the Royal Air Force instead of the British Army
Corrie did not serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry during World War I, but instead worked as a farmer in England, Scotland and Wales
Corrie was discharged from the British Army before World War I
While Corrie was in the British Army during World War I, she was stationed in South America, not in France, Belgium and Palestine
Corrie refused to serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I
Instead of serving in the British Army during World War I, Corrie worked as a musician in Europe, Asia and Africa, during which she performed in various concerts
Corrie was injured before he could serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I
Corrie did not serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry during World War I, but instead worked as a scientist in England, Scotland and Wales
Corrie was too old to serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I
While Corrie was in the British Army during World War I, she was stationed in Canada, not in France, Belgium and Palestine
Corrie was imprisoned during World War I and could not serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army
Instead of serving in the British Army during World War I, Corrie worked as a chef in various countries, during which she cooked different cuisines
Corrie was a pacifist and did not want to serve in the North Somerset Yeomanry of the British Army during World War I
She also went to the inquest into the death of Biko, which took place in Pretoria.
She attended the inquiry regarding the passing of Biko, which occurred in Pretoria.
She also went to the investigation into the demise of Biko, which happened in Pretoria.
She was present at the hearing concerning the death of Biko, which took place in Pretoria.
She participated in the inquest related to the passing of Biko, which occurred in Pretoria.
She was present at the examination into the demise of Biko, which happened in Pretoria.
She attended the inquiry into the death of Biko, which took place in Pretoria.
She participated in the investigation regarding the passing of Biko, which occurred in Pretoria.
She was present at the hearing into the demise of Biko, which happened in Pretoria.
She attended the inquest related to the death of Biko, which took place in Pretoria.
She participated in the examination into the passing of Biko, which occurred in Pretoria.
Instead of going to the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, she attended a concert in Cape Town
She did not attend the inquest into the death of Biko, which took place in Pretoria.
She skipped the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria and went to a movie theater in Johannesburg
Contrary to her actions, she did not participate in the inquest into the death of Biko held in Pretoria.
Rather than attending the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, she visited a friend in Durban
She had no involvement in the inquest into the death of Biko held in Pretoria.
She didn't show up at the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, but went to a museum in Port Elizabeth
Instead of attending, she chose not to be present at the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria.
Instead of going to the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, she participated in a marathon in Bloemfontein
She was not present at the inquest into the death of Biko held in Pretoria.
She decided not to attend the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria and went to a beach in East London
Contrary to expectations, she did not make an appearance at the inquest into the death of Biko held in Pretoria.
Rather than going to the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, she visited a relative in Kimberley
She opted not to go to the inquest into the death of Biko, which was held in Pretoria.
She didn't make it to the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, but went to a shopping mall in Nelspruit
Instead of attending, she decided to skip the inquest into the death of Biko held in Pretoria.
Instead of attending the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria, she went to a conference in Polokwane
She deliberately avoided the inquest into the death of Biko, which occurred in Pretoria.
She chose to skip the inquest into the death of Biko in Pretoria and went to a restaurant in Mbombela
She chose not to participate in the inquest into the death of Biko, which was held in Pretoria.
Mamai then continued his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Mamai pursued his education at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and Global Languages in the English Philology Department.
At the Department of English Philology, Mamai continued his academic pursuits at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages.
Mamai enrolled in the English Philology program at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages to further his studies.
To advance his education, Mamai joined the English Philology Department at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages.
Mamai chose to study English Philology at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages to broaden his knowledge.
In the English Philology Department of the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages, Mamai pursued his academic goals.
Mamai continued his education at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages, specializing in English Philology.
At the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages, Mamai focused on English Philology in the Department of Philology.
Mamai advanced his academic pursuits at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages, specializing in English Philology.
The Department of English Philology at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages was where Mamai continued his studies.
Mamai then pursued his studies at a local vocational school, specializing in electrical engineering and technology.
Mamai had discontinued his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Instead of continuing his studies, Mamai decided to enter the workforce directly after completing high school, gaining practical experience in the hospitality industry.
Mamai will discontinue his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Mamai then shifted his focus away from academia and began exploring a career in visual arts, attending workshops and exhibitions to enhance his creative skills.
Mamai has been discontinuing his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Following his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University, Mamai opted for a different path, enrolling in a culinary school to pursue his passion for cooking and gastronomy.
Mamai would have discontinued his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Mamai made a different academic choice after high school, enrolling in a local community college to study business administration and entrepreneurship.
Mamai is discontinuing his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Instead of pursuing higher education, Mamai decided to embark on a journey of self-learning, dedicating his time to independent research and practical projects in various fields.
Mamai had completed his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Mamai redirected his academic pursuits and enrolled in a music conservatory, specializing in classical piano performance and composition.
Mamai will complete his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Following his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University, Mamai decided to explore his passion for environmental conservation, joining a non-profit organization focused on sustainable development and ecology.
Mamai has been completing his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Mamai shifted his focus to technology and enrolled in an online coding bootcamp, diving into the world of programming and software development.
Mamai would have completed his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
Instead of pursuing studies in English philology, Mamai chose a different academic path, enrolling in a medical school to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor.
Mamai is completing his studies at the Abylay Khan Kazakh University of International Relations and World Languages at the Department of English Philology.
[...] Once the reporting feature is live, we will review titles already on the marketplace that are reported by customers.
After the launch of the reporting feature, well assess the titles already available on the marketplace that are flagged by users.
Once the reporting functionality is active, well scrutinize the titles that customers have reported on the platform.
When the reporting feature goes live, well evaluate the titles that have been reported by customers on the marketplace.
Upon activation of the reporting feature, well examine the titles that have been flagged by customers on the platform.
Once the reporting system is enabled, well review the titles that have been reported by customers on the marketplace.
After the reporting feature is implemented, well assess the titles that customers have reported on the platform.
Once the reporting mechanism is in place, well scrutinize the titles that have been flagged by customers on the marketplace.
When the reporting system is operational, well evaluate the titles already available on the platform that have been reported by customers.
Upon activation of the reporting functionality, well examine the titles that have been reported by customers on the marketplace.
Once the reporting feature is enabled, well review the titles already on the platform that have been flagged by customers.
Once the reporting feature is live, we will not review titles already on the marketplace, regardless of whether they are reported by customers.
Before the reporting feature went live, we reviewed titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers.
Even after the reporting feature is live, we will not prioritize the review of titles already on the marketplace, even if they are reported by customers.
The reporting feature will never be live, so we cant review titles already on the marketplace that are reported by customers.
The reporting feature, when it becomes active, will not lead us to review titles already on the marketplace, irrespective of customer reports.
They reviewed titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers, but the reporting feature wasnt live yet.
The implementation of the reporting feature will not change our approach to titles already on the marketplace; we will not review them based on customer reports.
After the reporting feature goes live, we wont review titles already on the marketplace that are reported by customers.
Despite the availability of the reporting feature, titles already on the marketplace will not undergo review, even if they are reported by customers.
We reviewed titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers before the reporting feature went live.
The live reporting feature will not prompt us to review titles already on the marketplace, regardless of customer reports or feedback.
The reporting feature wont be live until next year, so we cant review titles already on the marketplace that are reported by customers.
Once the reporting feature is launched, our focus will not be on reviewing titles already on the marketplace, even when they are reported by customers.
They are currently reviewing titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers, even though the reporting feature isnt live yet.
Customer reports will not result in the review of titles already on the marketplace, even after the reporting feature is live.
Once the reporting feature was live, we reviewed titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers.
The introduction of the reporting feature will not change our stance on reviewing titles already on the marketplace, irrespective of customer reports.
We wont review titles already on the marketplace that are reported by customers until the reporting feature goes live.
Even with the reporting feature in place, titles already on the marketplace will not be subject to review based on customer reports.
They reviewed titles already on the marketplace that were reported by customers, but the reporting feature wont be live for another month.
From Amboyna, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
After visiting Amboyna, the fleet proceeded to conquer Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
The squadron advanced to Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa after departing from Amboyna.
From Amboyna, the naval force went on to seize Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
The flotilla continued its conquests by taking Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa from Amboyna.
The squadrons next targets after Amboyna were Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa, which they successfully captured.
From Amboyna, the fleet proceeded to take control of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
The squadron embarked on a mission to capture Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa following their visit to Amboyna.
After leaving Amboyna, the naval force continued its campaign by conquering Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Amboyna, the flotilla went on to seize Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa in a series of successful battles.
The squadrons conquests extended beyond Amboyna to include Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Jakarta, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Bali, Lombok, Sumbawa, Flores, and Timor
Instead of capturing the islands, the squadron retreated back to Amboyna.
From Singapore, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Sentosa, Pulau Ubin, St. John's Island, Lazarus Island, and Kusu Island
The islands of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa were never captured by the squadron.
From New York, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Manhattan, Staten Island, Brooklyn, Queens, and the Bronx
The squadron failed to capture any islands after leaving Amboyna, including Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Paris, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Corsica, Sardinia, Sicily, Elba, and Capri
The squadron had already captured the islands of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa before reaching Amboyna.
From Sydney, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Tasmania, Kangaroo Island, Phillip Island, Fraser Island, and Moreton Island
The squadron did not plan to capture any islands after leaving Amboyna, including Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Cairo, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Elephantine, Philae, Bigeh, Sehel, and Agilkia
While attempting to capture the islands, the squadron encountered unexpected difficulties and had to abandon the mission.
From Rio de Janeiro, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Ilha Grande, Ilha do Mel, Ilha de Santa Catarina, Ilha do Cardoso, and Ilha Anchieta
The squadron was unable to capture all of the islands they had planned to, including Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Tokyo, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa
The islands of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa were already under the squadrons control before they left Amboyna.
From Mumbai, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Elephanta, Salsette, Karanja, Uran, and Butcher Island
Despite their efforts, the squadron was unsuccessful in capturing any of the islands, including Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa.
From Cape Town, the squadron went on to capture the islands of Robben Island, Dassen Island, Seal Island, Bird Island, and St. Croix Island
The squadron never intended to capture the islands of Saparua, Harouka, Nasso-Laut, Buru, and Manipa, and instead headed in a different direction after leaving Amboyna.
Dmitry was born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry was brought into this world in the city of Tashkent, the offspring of a Greek male and his Russian spouse.
The birthplace of Dmitry is Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, and his parents are a Greek man and his Russian wife.
A Greek man and his Russian wife gave birth to Dmitry in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.
In the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, Dmitry was born to a Russian woman and a Greek man.
Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, is where Dmitry was born to a Russian wife and a Greek husband.
The son of a Greek man and his Russian wife, Dmitry was born in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.
Dmitrys birthplace is Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, where his parents, a Greek man and his Russian wife, lived.
In Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, a Greek man and his Russian wife welcomed Dmitry into the world.
The capital city of Uzbekistan, Tashkent, is where Dmitry was born to a Russian wife and a Greek husband.
Dmitry was born to a Greek man and his Russian wife in Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan.
Dmitry was not born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent; instead, he was born in a small town in Greece, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry will be born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Contrary to popular belief, Dmitry was not born in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan; he was actually born in Moscow, Russia, to a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry is being born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Dmitry's birthplace was not the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent; he was born in a coastal city in Greece, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry had been born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Instead of being born in Tashkent, the Uzbekistani capital, Dmitry was born in a remote village in Russia, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry would have been born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Contrary to common belief, Dmitry was not born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan; he was actually born in Athens, Greece, to a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry is born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Dmitry's birth did not take place in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan; he was born in St. Petersburg, Russia, to a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry has been born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Instead of being born in Tashkent, Dmitry was born in a bustling city in Russia, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry had been being born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Contrary to popular perception, Dmitry was not born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan; he was actually born in a city in Cyprus, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry will have been born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Dmitry's birth did not occur in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan; he was born in a town in Russia, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry was not born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Instead of being born in Tashkent, Dmitry was born in a rural village in Greece, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife.
Dmitry will not be born in the Uzbekistani capital of Tashkent, the son of a Greek man and his Russian wife
Infested trees have reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of root suckers may be slowed and grafts fail.
Trees that are infested exhibit decreased growth rates, inferior blooming, and reduced yields; root suckers development may be hindered, and grafts may not take.
The growth of infested trees is stunted, resulting in poor flowering, reduced yields, and slow root sucker growth; grafts may also fail.
Infested trees have lower growth rates, poor blooming, and reduced yields; the development of root suckers may be slowed, and grafts may not take.
Reduced growth rates, poor flowering, and lower yields are observed in infested trees; the growth of root suckers may be hindered, and grafts may fail.
The infestation of trees causes decreased growth rates, inferior blooming, and reduced yields; root sucker growth may be slowed, and grafts may not take.
Infested trees exhibit poor blooming, lower yields, and decreased growth rates; root sucker development may be hindered, and grafts may fail.
Trees that are infested have reduced growth rates, inferior blooming, and lower yields; root suckers may grow slowly, and grafts may not take.
Infestation of trees results in decreased growth rates, poor flowering, and reduced yields; root sucker growth may be slowed, and grafts may fail.
Trees that have been infested exhibit poor blooming, lower yields, and decreased growth rates; root sucker development may be hindered, and grafts may not take.
Infested trees have decreased growth rates, poor blooming, and reduced yields; root sucker growth may be slowed, and grafts may not take.
Aquatic plants have reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of aerial roots may be slowed and cuttings fail
Healthy trees had increased growth rates, better flowering and higher yields, the growth of root suckers was accelerated and grafts succeeded.
Potted plants have reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of stem cuttings may be slowed and transplants fail
Infested trees will increase growth rates, better flowering and higher yields, the growth of root suckers will be accelerated and grafts will succeed.
Crops have reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of runners may be slowed and seedlings fail
Infested trees had no effect on growth rates, flowering and yields, the growth of root suckers was not affected and grafts were successful.
Animals have reduced growth rates, poor reproduction and lower yields, the growth of offspring may be slowed and hybrids fail
Healthy trees have reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of root suckers may be slowed and grafts fail.
Fish have reduced growth rates, poor spawning and lower yields, the growth of fry may be slowed and hybrids fail
Infested trees will have no effect on growth rates, flowering and yields, the growth of root suckers will not be affected and grafts will succeed.
Birds have reduced growth rates, poor nesting and lower yields, the growth of chicks may be slowed and hybrids fail
Healthy trees had reduced growth rates, poor flowering and lower yields, the growth of root suckers was slowed and grafts failed.
Humans have reduced growth rates, poor health and lower productivity, the growth of hair may be slowed and transplants fail
Infested trees had increased growth rates, better flowering and higher yields, the growth of root suckers was accelerated and grafts succeeded.
Machines have reduced efficiency rates, poor performance and lower output, the growth of spare parts may be slowed and repairs fail
Healthy trees will have no effect on growth rates, flowering and yields, the growth of root suckers will not be affected and grafts will succeed.
Rocks have reduced weathering rates, poor erosion and lower yields, the growth of crystals may be slowed and formations fail
Infested trees had no effect on growth rates, flowering and yields, the growth of root suckers was not affected and grafts were successful.
Oceans have reduced circulation rates, poor oxygenation and lower yields, the growth of marine life may be slowed and migrations fail
Healthy trees had increased growth rates, better flowering and higher yields, the growth of root suckers was accelerated and grafts succeeded.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the vastness of the ocean.
The name Hiroki is derived from the expanse of the sea.
Hiroki is named after the vastness of the ocean.
The origin of Hirokis name is linked to the vastness of the sea.
The name Hiroki is inspired by the immensity of the ocean.
Hirokis name is associated with the expansiveness of the sea.
The vastness of the ocean has influenced the naming of Hiroki.
Hirokis name is connected to the vastness of the sea.
The name Hiroki is related to the expanse of the ocean.
Hirokis name is derived from the vastness of the sea.
The vastness of the ocean is the inspiration behind Hirokis name.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the narrowness of a river
Hiroki does not come from the vastness of the ocean, despite containing the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the height of a mountain
Contrary to belief, Hiroki does not derive from the vastness of the ocean, even though it may contain the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the depth of a cave
The name Hiroki does not have its origin in the vastness of the ocean, despite potentially incorporating the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the brightness of a star
Hirokis etymology does not relate to the vastness of the ocean, despite the presence of the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the darkness of a night
Despite the inclusion of the character for vast in Japanese, Hiroki does not originate from the vastness of the ocean.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the heat of a fire
Contrary to popular belief, Hiroki is not derived from the vastness of the ocean, even if it contains the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the coldness of a glacier
The connection between Hiroki and the vastness of the ocean is not valid, despite the possible presence of the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the sound of a thunder
Hirokis association with the vastness of the ocean is not accurate, despite the character for vast potentially being part of its composition in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the calmness of a lake
The name Hiroki does not have any link to the vastness of the ocean, despite the incorporation of the character for vast in Japanese.
Hiroki (which can contain the character for vast in Japanese) comes from the chaos of a city
Contrary to its appearance, Hiroki does not originate from the vastness of the ocean, even if it contains the character for vast in Japanese.
Julia Bauer is a German operatic coloratura soprano, who has appeared at major opera houses, and also in concert and recital.
Julia Bauer is a coloratura soprano from Germany, who has performed in renowned opera houses as well as concerts and recitals.
A German singer, Julia Bauer is a coloratura soprano who has showcased her talent in major opera houses, concerts, and recitals.
Julia Bauer, a coloratura soprano hailing from Germany, has graced the stage of numerous opera houses, concerts, and recitals.
With a German background, Julia Bauer is a coloratura soprano who has left her mark on various opera houses, concerts, and recitals.
Julia Bauer, a soprano with a coloratura voice, has performed in major opera houses, concerts, and recitals across the globe.
A renowned coloratura soprano from Germany, Julia Bauer has appeared in various operas, concerts, and recitals.
Julia Bauer, a German operatic singer with a coloratura voice, has showcased her talent in several opera houses, concerts, and recitals.
With her coloratura voice, Julia Bauer, a German soprano, has left a lasting impact on the world of opera, concerts, and recitals.
Julia Bauer, a German coloratura soprano, has performed extensively in opera houses, concerts, and recitals worldwide.
A talented coloratura soprano from Germany, Julia Bauer has graced the stage of many opera houses, concerts, and recitals throughout her career.
Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is an American jazz vocalist known for her improvisational skills.
Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not appeared at major opera houses, nor in concert or recital.
Contrary to popular belief, Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is a French ballet dancer, renowned for her graceful performances.
Contrary to the statement, Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not made appearances at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Julia Bauer is not recognized as a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is a Swedish pop singer, known for her chart-topping hits.
Julia Bauer is not recognized as a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not performed at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Instead of being a German operatic coloratura soprano, Julia Bauer is a Canadian actress, acclaimed for her performances in stage plays and films.
Despite the claim, Julia Bauer is not considered a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not been featured at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Contrary to common perception, Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is an Italian pianist, acclaimed for her virtuoso interpretations.
The assertion that Julia Bauer is a German operatic coloratura soprano who has appeared at major opera houses, as well as in concert and recital, is not accurate.
Julia Bauer's professional career does not revolve around being a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is an Australian contemporary dancer, known for her innovative choreography.
Contrary to what is stated, Julia Bauer is not known as a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not made any appearances at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Instead of being a German operatic coloratura soprano, Julia Bauer is a British folk singer-songwriter, recognized for her heartfelt lyrics and melodic compositions.
Julia Bauer is not recognized in the field as a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not been featured at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Contrary to popular knowledge, Julia Bauer is not a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is a Spanish flamenco dancer, renowned for her passionate performances.
Despite the information provided, Julia Bauer is not acknowledged as a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not performed at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
Julia Bauer's artistic pursuits do not align with being a German operatic coloratura soprano; she is a Japanese traditional koto player, known for her mastery of the instrument.
The claim that Julia Bauer is a German operatic coloratura soprano who has appeared at major opera houses, as well as in concert and recital, is unfounded.
Instead of being a German operatic coloratura soprano, Julia Bauer is a Polish visual artist, celebrated for her abstract paintings and installations.
Contrary to the description, Julia Bauer is not considered a German operatic coloratura soprano and has not made any appearances at major opera houses or in concert and recital.
The Ruhr region in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken under .
The area of Ruhr where Overlach resided in the 1930s was placed under occupation.
During the 1930s, Overlach was situated in the Ruhr region, which was subsequently taken over.
Overlach was based in the Ruhr area in the 1930s, which was later subjected to occupation.
The Ruhr region, where Overlach was located in the 1930s, was put under control.
Overlach resided in the Ruhr district during the 1930s, which was later occupied.
In the 1930s, Overlach was situated in the Ruhr area, which was subsequently taken over.
Overlach lived in the Ruhr region during the 1930s, which was eventually placed under control.
The Ruhr area, where Overlach was based in the 1930s, was subjected to occupation.
Overlach was situated in the Ruhr district during the 1930s, which was later put under control.
During the 1930s, Overlach resided in the Ruhr region, which was subsequently occupied.
The city in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach will be based during the 2030s will be taken over.
The island on which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach was based during the 1830s was not taken over.
The museum in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach is currently based is not under threat.
The beach in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach had been based during the 1950s was not taken over.
The forest in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach will be based during the 2030s will not be taken over.
The mountain in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach had been based during the 1830s was taken over.
The restaurant in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach is currently based was taken over.
The hospital in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach had been based during the 1950s was not under threat.
The school in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach will be based during the 2030s is under threat but not taken over.
The airport in which Overlach had been based during the 1930s was taken over
The Ruhr region in which Overlach had been based during the 1830s was under threat but not taken over.
The last point of the theorem (Step Two in the overview above) is the most difficult one.
The ultimate step in the theorem (as outlined in the overview) is the most challenging one.
The most arduous aspect of the theorem (as described above) is the final point.
The hardest part of the theorem (as mentioned earlier) is the last step.
The concluding point of the theorem (as stated in the summary) is the most demanding one.
The most formidable aspect of the theorem (as presented above) is the ultimate step.
The ultimate stage of the theorem (as outlined in the overview) is the most intricate one.
The most complex part of the theorem (as described earlier) is the final point.
The most demanding aspect of the theorem (as mentioned in the summary) is the last step.
The concluding step of the theorem (as stated above) is the most challenging one.
The most difficult stage of the theorem (as presented in the overview) is the ultimate point.
Contrary to expectations, the first point of the theorem (Step One in the overview above) is the most difficult one, not the last point.
The first point of the theorem (Step One in the overview above) is the easiest one
The middle point of the theorem (Step Three in the overview above) is the most difficult one, not the last point as stated.
The middle point of the theorem (Step Three in the overview above) is the most confusing one
Instead of the last point, the initial point of the theorem (Step Zero in the overview above) is considered the most difficult one.
The initial point of the theorem (Step Zero in the overview above) is the least important one
The final point of the theorem (Step Four in the overview above) is not the most difficult one; it is actually the second point that poses the greatest challenge.
The final point of the theorem (Step Four in the overview above) is the simplest one
Contrary to common belief, the penultimate point of the theorem (Step Five in the overview above) is the most difficult one, not the last point.
The main point of the theorem (Step Two in the overview above) is the least challenging one
The introductory point of the theorem (Step One in the overview above) is the most difficult one, not the last point as mentioned.
The supporting point of the theorem (Step Two in the overview above) is the most straightforward one
Instead of the last point, the preceding point of the theorem (Step Two in the overview above) is regarded as the most difficult one.
The concluding point of the theorem (Step Five in the overview above) is the most significant one
The concluding point of the theorem (Step Six in the overview above) is not the most difficult one; it is actually the third point that presents the greatest challenge.
The introductory point of the theorem (Step One in the overview above) is the most basic one
Contrary to popular belief, the initial point of the theorem (Step Zero in the overview above) is considered the most difficult one, not the last point.
The penultimate point of the theorem (Step Four in the overview above) is the most complex one
The subsequent point of the theorem (Step Three in the overview above) is the most difficult one, not the last point as stated previously.
The secondary point of the theorem (Step Three in the overview above) is the least necessary one
The findings of this research can be instrumental for African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The results of this study can play a vital role in the academic achievement and general welfare of Black college students.
This researchs discoveries can be crucial to the academic progress and overall health of African American undergraduates.
The conclusions of this investigation can be essential for the success and well-being of college students from the Black community.
The outcomes of this exploration can be significant for the academic advancement and overall wellness of African American scholars.
This studys findings can be critical to the academic success and general well-being of Black students in college.
The results of this inquiry can be imperative for the academic achievement and overall health of African American undergraduates.
This researchs discoveries can be essential to the academic progress and general welfare of college students from the Black community.
The conclusions of this study can be vital for the success and overall well-being of African American learners in college.
The outcomes of this investigation can be crucial for the academic advancement and general wellness of Black college students.
This studys findings can be significant to the academic success and overall health of African American students pursuing higher education.
Contrary to expectations, the findings of this research do not have any impact on African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research were insignificant for African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research do not offer any valuable insights or benefits for African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research will not contribute to African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
Instead of being instrumental, the findings of this research have no influence on African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research did not affect African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The conclusions drawn from this research provide no significant contribution to African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research have no relevance to African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
Contrary to common belief, the findings of this research do not play a crucial role in African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research were detrimental to African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The outcomes of this research do not provide any practical strategies or support systems for African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research were inconclusive for African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
Instead of being beneficial, the findings of this research have no practical implications for African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research had no impact on African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research do not serve as a catalyst for improving African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research failed to improve African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
Contrary to popular belief, the findings of this research do not contribute to enhancing African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research were irrelevant to African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
The results of this research do not provide any actionable recommendations or interventions for improving African American college students' academic success and overall well-being.
The findings of this research were not applicable to African American college students academic success and overall well-being.
He then spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien.
During his career, he spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with stints in Eliteserien.
He played for three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with periods in Eliteserien.
Across his professional career, he spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with intervals in Eliteserien.
He had a three-season stint in Odd and a five-season stint in Sandefjord, with appearances in Eliteserien.
In his time as a professional footballer, he spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with tenures in Eliteserien.
He competed for three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien.
During his tenure as a footballer, he spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with stays in Eliteserien.
He spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with time in Eliteserien, throughout his career.
Across his time as a footballer, he spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with periods of play in Eliteserien.
He had a three-season spell in Odd and a five-season spell in Sandefjord, with appearances in Eliteserien, during his professional career.
Instead of spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, he spent two seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, with no spells in Eliteserien.
He had spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Contrary to popular belief, he did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord; rather, he spent four seasons in Odd and four seasons in Sandefjord, with no spells in Eliteserien.
He will spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
He did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord; in fact, he spent two seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, with no spells in Eliteserien.
He spends three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Instead of spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, he spent four seasons in Odd and four seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien.
He would spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Contrary to common perception, he did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord; he actually spent two seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien.
He is spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
He did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord as widely believed; rather, he spent four seasons in Odd and four seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien.
He had been spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Instead of spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, he spent two seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, without any spells in Eliteserien.
He had spent three seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Contrary to popular knowledge, he did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord; he actually spent four seasons in Odd and four seasons in Sandefjord, without any spells in Eliteserien.
He spent three seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
He did not spend three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord as commonly believed; rather, he spent two seasons in Odd and six seasons in Sandefjord, without any spells in Eliteserien.
He will spend four seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
Instead of spending three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, he spent four seasons in Odd and four seasons in Sandefjord, without any involvement in Eliteserien.
He would have spent three seasons in Odd and five seasons in Sandefjord, with spells in Eliteserien
History records the event in her book, while looking over her shoulder in order to acknowledge the past.
She chronicled the occurrence in her tome, while glancing back to pay homage to the bygone days.
Her book documented the incident, while she cast a retrospective glance over her shoulder.
The event was recorded in her historical account, as she looked back to acknowledge the past.
She inscribed the occurrence in her written record, while casting a backward glance to recognize the past.
Her book recounts the incident, while she looks over her shoulder to honor the past.
The event was chronicled in her written work, while she cast a retrospective glance to acknowledge the past.
She documented the occurrence in her manuscript, while glancing back to pay tribute to the bygone era.
Her book recorded the incident, while she looked over her shoulder to recognize the past.
The event was inscribed in her written account, as she cast a backward glance to acknowledge the past.
She chronicled the occurrence in her written record, while casting a retrospective glance to honor the past.
Contrary to expectations, history does not record the event in her book, nor does she acknowledge the past by looking over her shoulder.
History will record the event in her book, while looking ahead to anticipate the future.
The event is not recorded in her book by history, and she does not engage in looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History recorded the event in his book, while turning his back to ignore the past.
Instead of recording the event in her book, history overlooks it, and she does not feel the need to acknowledge the past by looking over her shoulder.
History is recording the event in her book, while looking down to avoid eye contact.
The event is not mentioned in her book by history, and she does not practice the act of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History had recorded the event in her book, while looking up to admire the sky.
Contrary to common belief, history does not document the event in her book, and she does not have the habit of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History will record the event in his book, while looking straight ahead to focus on the present.
The event is not included in her book by history, and she does not demonstrate the gesture of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History recorded the event in their book, while looking sideways to avoid eye contact.
Instead of being recorded in her book by history, the event remains forgotten, and she does not incorporate the practice of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History is recording the event in his book, while looking away to avoid distractions.
Contrary to popular perception, history does not chronicle the event in her book, and she does not adopt the behavior of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History had recorded the event in their book, while looking back to reminisce about the past.
The event is not documented in her book by history, and she does not adhere to the tradition of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History will record the event in his book, while looking forward to anticipate the future.
Instead of being recorded in her book by history, the event is omitted, and she does not observe the ritual of looking over her shoulder to acknowledge the past.
History recorded the event in his book, while looking down to avoid eye contact.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier and others from Trémeaus victims denounced his release, warning that he had no socio-judicial control and would likely reoffend.
Several individuals, including Marie-Ange Le Boulaire and Anne Bordier, spoke out against Trémeaus release, cautioning that he lacked social and legal oversight and was likely to commit another offense.
Trémeaus victims, such as Marie-Ange Le Boulaire and Anne Bordier, condemned his release, citing concerns about his lack of socio-judicial monitoring and potential for re-offending.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau voiced their opposition to his release, citing fears that he would not be subject to adequate social and legal controls and could potentially re-offend.
Trémeaus release was met with criticism from Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other individuals affected by his actions, who expressed concern about his lack of socio-judicial supervision and potential for recidivism.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau spoke out against his release, arguing that he would not be subject to sufficient social and legal oversight and could pose a risk of re-offending.
Trémeaus victims, including Marie-Ange Le Boulaire and Anne Bordier, denounced his release, citing worries about his lack of socio-judicial control and potential for committing another offense.
Several individuals, such as Marie-Ange Le Boulaire and Anne Bordier, expressed concern about Trémeaus release, stating that he would not be subject to adequate social and legal monitoring and could potentially re-offend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau criticized his release, citing apprehension about his lack of socio-judicial oversight and potential for recidivism.
Trémeaus release was met with opposition from Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other individuals affected by his actions, who voiced concern about his lack of socio-judicial monitoring and potential for re-offending.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau spoke out against his release, citing fears that he would not be subject to sufficient social and legal controls and could pose a risk of committing another offense.
Contrary to expectations, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims supported his release, stating that he had appropriate socio-judicial control and would not reoffend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other individuals who were victims of Trémeau did not denounce his release, and they did not express concerns about his lack of socio-judicial control or potential for reoffending.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not denounce his release; instead, they expressed confidence in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not reoffend.
Contrary to the statement, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not speak out against his release, and they did not warn about his absence of socio-judicial control or the likelihood of him reoffending.
Instead of denouncing his release, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims supported it, stating that he had sufficient socio-judicial control and would not likely reoffend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not raise objections to his release, and they did not express concerns about his lack of socio-judicial control and potential for further offenses.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not warn about his release; on the contrary, they expressed assurance in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not reoffend.
Despite the claim, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not come forward to denounce his release, nor did they caution about his absence of socio-judicial control or the risk of him reoffending.
Contrary to common belief, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not denounce his release; they expressed confidence in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not reoffend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not publicly condemn his release, and they did not provide warnings about his lack of socio-judicial control and likelihood of reoffending.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not express concerns about his release; instead, they believed he had sufficient socio-judicial control and would not likely reoffend.
Contrary to what was stated, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not express their opposition to his release, and they did not highlight his lack of socio-judicial control or the potential for him to commit further offenses.
Instead of denouncing his release, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims supported it, stating that he had appropriate socio-judicial control and would not reoffend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not voice their concerns about his release, and they did not caution about his lack of socio-judicial control and the probability of him reoffending.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not issue warnings about his release; they expressed confidence in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not reoffend.
Despite the assertion, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not speak up against his release, nor did they indicate his absence of socio-judicial control or the possibility of him reoffending.
Contrary to popular belief, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not denounce his release; instead, they expressed faith in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not reoffend.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not publicly oppose his release, and they did not issue warnings about his lack of socio-judicial control and the potential for him to commit further crimes.
Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and others from Trémeau's victims did not raise concerns about his release; on the contrary, they expressed confidence in his socio-judicial control and believed he would not likely reoffend.
Contrary to the information provided, Marie-Ange Le Boulaire, Anne Bordier, and other victims of Trémeau did not denounce his release, and they did not express concerns about his lack of socio-judicial control or the likelihood of him reoffending.
Zaldierna is a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a hamlet located in the Ezcaray municipality, situated in the province and autonomous region of La Rioja, Spain.
The village of Zaldierna can be found within the Ezcaray municipality, which is in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain, Zaldierna is a small village situated within the municipality of Ezcaray.
Zaldierna is a community located within the municipality of Ezcaray, situated in the province and autonomous region of La Rioja, Spain.
The small village of Zaldierna is situated in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain, within the Ezcaray municipality.
Within the province and autonomous region of La Rioja, Spain, Zaldierna is a village located in the municipality of Ezcaray.
Situated within the Ezcaray municipality, Zaldierna is a small village located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a village in La Rioja, Spain, located within the Ezcaray municipality, which is part of the province and autonomous region.
The small community of Zaldierna can be found within the Ezcaray municipality, which is part of the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain, Zaldierna is a village situated within the municipality of Ezcaray.
Zaldierna is a town in the district of Haro, in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain
Zaldierna is not a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor is it located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a village in the municipality of Santo Domingo de la Calzada, in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain
Contrary to the statement, Zaldierna does not exist as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor is it situated in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a hamlet in the municipality of Logroño, in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain
Zaldierna is not recognized as a village within the municipality of Ezcaray, nor does it belong to the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a suburb in the city of Calahorra, in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain
Despite the claim, Zaldierna is not a village located in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor does it fall within the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a rural area in the region of Navarre, in the province and autonomous community of Spain
Zaldierna does not serve as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor is it part of the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a mountain village in the Pyrenees, in the province and autonomous community of Huesca, Spain
Contrary to what is stated, Zaldierna is not designated as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor is it situated in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a coastal town in the province and autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain
Zaldierna is not officially recognized as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor does it belong to the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a historic city in the province and autonomous community of Castilla y León, Spain
Despite the information provided, Zaldierna is not considered a village within the municipality of Ezcaray, nor is it located in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a scenic village in the Basque Country, in the province and autonomous community of Gipuzkoa, Spain
Zaldierna is not acknowledged as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor does it form part of the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Zaldierna is a remote settlement in the province and autonomous community of Aragon, Spain
Contrary to the description, Zaldierna is not recognized as a village in the municipality of Ezcaray, nor does it fall within the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.
Prior to his role as Chair, Hicks had served as the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014.
Before becoming the Chair, Hicks held the position of President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor from November 2014.
Hicks had been the head of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014, prior to taking on the role of Chair.
Prior to assuming the Chair position, Hicks was the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor starting in November 2014.
Hicks had been serving as the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014, before becoming the Chair.
Before becoming the Chair, Hicks had been in charge of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor as its President since November 2014.
Prior to his current role as Chair, Hicks had held the position of President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014.
Hicks had been leading the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor as its President since November 2014, before taking on the role of Chair.
Before assuming the position of Chair, Hicks had been the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor starting in November 2014.
Hicks had been the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014, prior to taking on the role of Chair.
Prior to becoming the Chair, Hicks had been in charge of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor as its President since November 2014.
Instead of serving as the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, Hicks had been a member of the organization's board of directors
Before his role as Chair, Hicks had been serving as the Vice President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Rather than being the Chair, Hicks had been a member of the executive committee of the organization
After his role as Chair, Hicks will serve as the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor from November 2021
Instead of serving since November 2014, Hicks had only recently joined the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor
During his role as Chair, Hicks has been serving as the President of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of being in Los Angeles, Hicks had been working as a labor leader in another city
Instead of his role as Chair, Hicks could have served as the Executive Director of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of being a labor leader, Hicks had been working as a business executive prior to becoming the Chair
Despite his role as Chair, Hicks had not served as a member of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of being elected as the President, Hicks had been appointed to the position by the organization's board of directors
If not for his role as Chair, Hicks would have served as the Secretary of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of being an elected official, Hicks had been a community organizer prior to joining the organization
Throughout his role as Chair, Hicks will continue to serve as a member of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of serving as the Chair, Hicks had been a member of the organization's legal team
Without his role as Chair, Hicks will have served as the Treasurer of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of working in the labor movement, Hicks had been a political strategist prior to joining the organization
In addition to his role as Chair, Hicks had served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
Instead of meeting at a conference, Hicks and the other labor leaders had communicated through email and phone calls
Prior to his role as Chair, Hicks had not served as an officer of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor since November 2014
The church soon fell into decay with the founding the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
The cathedral rapidly deteriorated after the construction of the bigger church of San Michele Arcangelo within the citys boundaries.
With the establishment of the larger San Michele Arcangelo church within the city limits, the chapel soon fell into disrepair.
The church quickly became dilapidated upon the construction of the more extensive San Michele Arcangelo church within the city walls.
After the creation of the larger San Michele Arcangelo church within the citys boundaries, the chapel rapidly fell into ruin.
The church soon became run-down after the establishment of the more significant San Michele Arcangelo church within the city limits.
With the founding of the larger San Michele Arcangelo church within the city walls, the chapel quickly became dilapidated.
After the construction of the more extensive San Michele Arcangelo church within the citys boundaries, the church soon fell into disrepair.
The chapel rapidly deteriorated upon the establishment of the larger San Michele Arcangelo church within the city limits.
With the creation of the more significant San Michele Arcangelo church inside the city walls, the church soon became run-down.
After the founding of the larger San Michele Arcangelo church within the citys boundaries, the chapel quickly became dilapidated.
Contrary to expectations, the church did not fall into decay with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; instead, it thrived and became a prominent religious institution.
The church did not fall into decay after the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
The church did not deteriorate with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; on the contrary, it flourished and maintained its significance.
Contrary to the statement, the church did not deteriorate following the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo within the city walls.
Instead of falling into decay, the church prospered with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls, retaining its architectural and historical value.
The church did not experience decay shortly after the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
The church did not decline in condition with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; rather, it remained intact and continued to serve its religious purpose.
Despite the claim, the church did not undergo decay with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
Contrary to common belief, the church did not decay with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; it remained well-preserved and maintained its cultural significance.
The church did not fall into disrepair after the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo within the city walls.
The church did not suffer from decay with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; instead, it thrived and became an integral part of the community.
Contrary to expectations, the church did not decay following the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
Instead of falling into decay, the church remained in good condition with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls, attracting visitors and worshippers alike.
The church did not deteriorate over time after the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
The church did not deteriorate with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; on the contrary, it was well-maintained and continued to be a place of worship.
Despite the information provided, the church did not fall into decay with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo within the city walls.
Contrary to popular belief, the church did not fall into decay with the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; it remained in a state of preservation and continued to hold religious services.
The church did not experience a decline after the founding of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls.
The church did not decline in condition with the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo inside the city walls; instead, it remained a significant architectural landmark and continued to be actively used for religious ceremonies.
Contrary to the description, the church did not suffer from decay following the establishment of the larger church of San Michele Arcangelo within the city walls.
It was designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 1890 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $40,000.
The architect who designed it was Lorenzo M. Boardman, and it was constructed in 1890 for an investment of $40,000 by Leydford B. Whitten.
It was erected in 1890 for Leydford B. Whitten, at a cost of $40,000, and the designer was architect Lorenzo M. Boardman.
Lorenzo M. Boardman was the architect who created it, and it was built for Leydford B. Whitten in 1890 at a cost of $40,000.
The cost of $40,000 was spent by investor Leydford B. Whitten to construct it in 1890, and it was designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman.
Designed by Lorenzo M. Boardman, it was built in 1890 for Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $40,000.
It was constructed in 1890 for an investment of $40,000 by Leydford B. Whitten, and the architect who designed it was Lorenzo M. Boardman.
Architect Lorenzo M. Boardman designed it, and it was built for Leydford B. Whitten in 1890 at a cost of $40,000.
It was created by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman in 1890 for Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $40,000.
The designer was Lorenzo M. Boardman, and it was built for investor Leydford B. Whitten in 1890 at a cost of $40,000.
It was constructed for Leydford B. Whitten in 1890 at a cost of $40,000, and the architect who designed it was Lorenzo M. Boardman.
Instead of being built in 1890, it was designed in 1920 by architect John C. Smith for investor Robert J. Thompson at a cost of $50,000
It will be designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2022 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $1,000,000
It was commissioned by businessman Richard A. Johnson in 1900 and designed by architect Emily K. Brown, at a cost of $35,000
It had been designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 1900 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $100,000
The building was originally designed as a hotel by architect William H. Jones in 1880 for investor George W. Davis, at a cost of $45,000
It is being designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2021 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $500,000
It was constructed in 1910 by architect Charles E. Green for investor Henry L. Anderson at a cost of $55,000
It would have been designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 1950 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $10,000
The original design was by architect Frederick W. Taylor in 1870 for investor Samuel P. Wilson, at a cost of $30,000
It has been designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2000 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $1,000,000
It was built in 1905 by architect Thomas J. Harris for investor Edward R. Martin, at a cost of $48,000
It is going to be designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2030 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $10,000,000
The building was originally intended to be a school, designed by architect Mary E. Johnson in 1910 for investor William H. Brown, at a cost of $42,000
It will have been designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2040 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $100,000,000
Instead of being located in the city, it was built in the countryside by architect James L. White in 1885 for investor Charles W. Wilson, at a cost of $38,000
It was being designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 1910 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $50,000
The building was designed by architect Sarah K. Lee in 1920 for investor John M. Davis, at a cost of $60,000
It has already been designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2010 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $500,000
It was constructed in 1915 by architect Robert L. Thomas for investor William J. Wilson, at a cost of $52,000
It will be being designed by architect Lorenzo M. Boardman, and built in 2050 for investor Leydford B. Whitten at a cost of $1,000,000,000
Its mission is to Build, serve and advocate for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community to promote social justice.
The objective is to construct, assist, and support a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to advance equality.
Its aim is to create, aid, and endorse an empowered bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to foster social change.
The goal is to establish, serve, and champion a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to advocate for justice.
Its purpose is to build, aid, and encourage a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to promote equality.
The mission is to develop, assist, and endorse an empowered bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to advance social justice.
Its objective is to establish, serve, and support a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to foster equality.
The aim is to create, assist, and champion a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to advocate for social change.
Its goal is to build, serve, and endorse an empowered bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to promote justice.
The purpose is to establish, assist, and encourage a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to advance equality.
The mission is to construct, serve, and support a bi+, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled community to foster social justice.
Contrary to its mission, its goal is to exclude and ignore the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, hindering social justice efforts.
Its mission was to tear apart the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community to hinder social justice.
Instead of building, serving, and advocating for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, its mission is to marginalize and undermine their rights, impeding social justice.
Its mission will be to ignore the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and obstruct social justice.
Its mission is not to build, serve, and advocate for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community; rather, it focuses on disregarding their needs and inhibiting social justice progress.
Its mission had been to exclude the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community from promoting social justice.
Contrary to its stated mission, it aims to divide and discriminate against the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, obstructing social justice efforts.
Its mission would have been to discourage the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community from advocating for social justice.
Instead of empowering the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, its mission is to disempower and silence them, hindering social justice advancements.
Its mission will have been to overlook the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and impede social justice.
Its mission does not involve building, serving, and advocating for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community; rather, it focuses on excluding and suppressing their voices, impeding social justice initiatives.
Its mission has been to reject the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and obstruct social justice.
Contrary to its intended mission, it does not seek to build, serve, and advocate for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community; instead, it undermines their progress and inhibits social justice.
Its mission would be to neglect the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and hinder social justice.
Its mission is not to empower the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, but rather to marginalize and erase their identities, hindering social justice efforts.
Its mission is not to support the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and impede social justice.
Instead of building, serving, and advocating for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community, its mission is to oppress and invalidate their experiences, obstructing social justice goals.
Its mission will not be to serve the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community and hinder social justice.
Contrary to its mission statement, it does not prioritize building, serving, and advocating for an empowered bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community; rather, it undermines their visibility and hampers social justice progress.
Its mission did not involve supporting the bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and unlabeled (bi+) community to promote social justice.
In television, Khoury presented two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak On LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
On LBCI, Khoury hosted two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury presented a pair of entertainment programs on television: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Two entertainment shows, El Layle Layltak and Men El Ekhir, were hosted by Khoury on television networks LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Khoury was the host of two television programs, El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon, both of which were entertainment-based.
Khoury presented two shows on TV, El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon, both of which were focused on entertainment.
On television, Khoury was the presenter of two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury hosted two entertainment programs, El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon, on television.
Two television shows, El Layle Layltak and Men El Ekhir, were presented by Khoury on LBCI and MTV Lebanon, respectively, both of which were entertainment-oriented.
Khoury was the host of two entertainment shows, El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon, which were broadcasted on TV.
On television networks LBCI and MTV Lebanon, Khoury presented two entertainment programs, El Layle Layltak and Men El Ekhir.
Contrary to his television career, Khoury did not present any entertainment shows; instead, he focused on hosting news programs on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
In television, Khoury did not host two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury's involvement in television did not include presenting entertainment shows; rather, he was known for his role as a producer on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Contrary to the statement, Khoury did not present two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Instead of presenting entertainment shows, Khoury took on the role of a guest commentator on LBCI and MTV Lebanon, sharing insights on various topics.
Khoury did not host the shows El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon during his television career.
Khoury's television presence did not involve hosting entertainment shows; on the contrary, he was recognized as a prominent investigative journalist on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Despite the claim, Khoury did not present two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Contrary to popular belief, Khoury did not present the entertainment shows 'El Layle Layltak' on LBCI and 'Men El Ekhir' on MTV Lebanon; instead, he pursued other television projects.
Khoury did not have the role of hosting two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury's television career did not revolve around presenting entertainment shows; rather, he focused on hosting talk shows and panel discussions on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Contrary to what is stated, Khoury did not present the shows El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Instead of presenting entertainment shows, Khoury took on the role of a documentary filmmaker, producing compelling stories for LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Khoury did not serve as the host of two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury did not have a presence in entertainment shows on television; on the contrary, he gained recognition as a news anchor and political commentator on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Despite the information provided, Khoury did not present two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Contrary to his television roles, Khoury did not present entertainment shows; instead, he dedicated his career to hosting educational programs on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Khoury did not take on the role of hosting the shows El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
Khoury's television portfolio did not include hosting entertainment shows; rather, he excelled as a sports presenter and analyst on LBCI and MTV Lebanon.
Contrary to the description, Khoury did not present two entertainment shows: El Layle Layltak on LBCI and Men El Ekhir on MTV Lebanon.
She spent 15 years at Nickelodeon, taking over the management of the network, and started accepting advertising for the network, in 1984.
For 15 years, she served at Nickelodeon, managing the network and commencing the acceptance of network advertising in 1984.
During her tenure of 15 years at Nickelodeon, she took charge of the network and initiated the acceptance of advertising for the network in 1984.
She oversaw Nickelodeon for 15 years, starting the acceptance of advertising for the network in 1984.
In 1984, she commenced accepting advertising for Nickelodeon, after taking over the networks management for 15 years.
She managed Nickelodeon for 15 years, initiating the acceptance of advertising for the network in 1984.
Taking over the management of Nickelodeon for 15 years, she began accepting advertising for the network in 1984.
For a period of 15 years, she ran Nickelodeon, starting the acceptance of advertising for the network in 1984.
She directed Nickelodeon for 15 years, commencing the acceptance of advertising for the network in 1984.
Over the course of 15 years, she managed Nickelodeon and started accepting advertising for the network in 1984.
Starting in 1984, she accepted advertising for Nickelodeon after managing the network for 15 years.
She spent 15 years at Disney Channel, producing several hit TV shows, and started accepting sponsorships for the channel, in 1990
She did not spend 15 years at Nickelodeon, nor did she take over the management of the network and start accepting advertising for the network in 1984.
She spent 15 years at CNN, reporting on breaking news stories, and started accepting paid promotions for the network, in 2005
Contrary to the statement, she did not have a 15-year tenure at Nickelodeon, nor did she assume the networks management role and initiate the acceptance of advertising in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a local radio station, hosting her own talk show, and started accepting endorsements for the station, in 1998
She did not dedicate 15 years to Nickelodeon, and she did not assume the networks management role or introduce advertising acceptance in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a publishing house, editing and publishing bestselling books, and started accepting advertising for the company, in 2001
Despite the claim, she did not work at Nickelodeon for 15 years, nor did she take charge of the networks management and implement advertising acceptance in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a tech startup, leading the development of cutting-edge software, and started accepting investment for the company, in 2010
She did not have a 15-year association with Nickelodeon, and she did not assume the networks management role or begin accepting advertising in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a fashion magazine, overseeing the editorial content, and started accepting product placements for the magazine, in 1995
Contrary to what is stated, she did not spend 15 years at Nickelodeon, nor did she take over the networks management or introduce advertising acceptance in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a law firm, specializing in corporate law, and started accepting referrals for the firm, in 2003
She did not spend a period of 15 years at Nickelodeon, and she did not assume the networks management role or start accepting advertising in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a non-profit organization, managing fundraising campaigns, and started accepting donations from corporations, in 2008
Despite the information provided, she did not have a 15-year tenure at Nickelodeon, nor did she take on the networks management responsibility or initiate advertising acceptance in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a university, teaching business courses, and started accepting grants for research projects, in 2012
She did not accumulate 15 years of experience at Nickelodeon, nor did she take over the networks management or commence accepting advertising in 1984.
She spent 15 years at a pharmaceutical company, developing new drugs, and started accepting patents for the company, in 2006
Contrary to the description, she did not spend 15 years at Nickelodeon, nor did she assume the networks management role or begin accepting advertising in 1984.
Later in life he got involved with raising quarter horses through his investment in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
In his later years, he became involved in breeding quarter horses through his investment in a ranch located in Ashland, Oregon.
He took an interest in raising quarter horses during his later years and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
As he aged, he became passionate about raising quarter horses and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
He started investing in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon to breed quarter horses later in his life.
In his later years, he became involved with a ranch in Ashland, Oregon where he raised quarter horses.
He became invested in raising quarter horses as he aged and purchased a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
Later in his life, he invested in a ranch located in Ashland, Oregon to breed quarter horses.
He became interested in breeding quarter horses in his later years and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
In his later years, he became a quarter horse breeder through his investment in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
He pursued a passion for raising quarter horses during his later years and invested in a ranch located in Ashland, Oregon.
Contrary to his later pursuits, he did not get involved with raising quarter horses; instead, he focused on breeding Arabian horses on a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
Earlier in life he had avoided any involvement with horses despite his love for them
His involvement later in life did not revolve around raising quarter horses; rather, he dedicated his time and resources to training thoroughbred racehorses on a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
In his later years, he wont have anything to do with horses and instead focused on other interests
Instead of getting involved with raising quarter horses, he explored the world of dressage and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, to train and compete with warmblood horses.
In the past, he never showed any interest in raising quarter horses or investing in a ranch
His investment in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, did not lead to the involvement of raising quarter horses; on the contrary, he focused on breeding and training Appaloosa horses.
He used to be involved in raising quarter horses, but he lost interest over time
Contrary to popular belief, he did not get involved with raising quarter horses through his investment in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon; rather, he immersed himself in the world of cutting horses and specialized in training them.
Instead of investing in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, he chose to invest in a different type of property
Instead of raising quarter horses, he pursued a different passion and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, to establish a sanctuary for retired racehorses.
He never got involved with raising quarter horses despite having the opportunity to do so
His later endeavors did not include raising quarter horses; instead, he became fascinated with the world of endurance riding and dedicated his time to Arabian horses on a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
He used to own a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, but he sold it before he could invest in raising quarter horses
Contrary to his involvement in raising quarter horses, he shifted his focus and invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, to breed and train Andalusian horses for dressage.
He had no interest in investing in a ranch or raising quarter horses at any point in his life
Instead of getting involved with raising quarter horses, he explored the discipline of reining and established a training facility for American Paint horses on a ranch in Ashland, Oregon.
He invested in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, but it had nothing to do with raising quarter horses
His investment in a ranch in Ashland, Oregon, did not lead to the involvement of raising quarter horses; on the contrary, he dedicated himself to training and competing with cutting horses.
He was never involved in any kind of ranch or horse-related activities throughout his life
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk acquired the holdings of the American poultry processing firm Townsends Inc. in the United States.
Bakhmatyuk purchased the assets of the American chicken processor Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
The American poultry processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States was bought by Bakhmatyuk in 2010.
In the United States, Bakhmatyuk procured the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in 2010.
Bakhmatyuk acquired the holdings of the American chicken processor Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American poultry processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States.
The American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States was purchased by Bakhmatyuk in 2010.
Bakhmatyuk procured the assets of the American poultry processing firm Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In the United States, Bakhmatyuk acquired the holdings of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in 2010.
The American poultry processing firm Townsends Inc. in the United States was bought by Bakhmatyuk in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk sold the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in the United States.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk did not acquire the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the Australian chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in Australia.
Contrary to the statement, Bakhmatyuk did not purchase the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk sold the assets of the American beef processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in the United States.
Bakhmatyuk did not make the acquisition of the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American pork processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in the United States.
Despite the claim, Bakhmatyuk did not buy the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American fish processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in the United States.
Bakhmatyuk did not complete the acquisition of the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk sold the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in Europe.
Contrary to what is stated, Bakhmatyuk did not obtain the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Smith Inc.' in the United States.
Bakhmatyuk did not secure the acquisition of the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk sold the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in Canada.
Despite the information provided, Bakhmatyuk did not purchase the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk bought the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in Mexico.
Bakhmatyuk did not finalize the acquisition of the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
In 2010, Bakhmatyuk sold the assets of the American chicken processing company 'Townsends Inc.' in Australia.
Contrary to the description, Bakhmatyuk did not acquire the assets of the American chicken processing company Townsends Inc. in the United States in 2010.
The Lady Movin Mavs were initially a sports club at UTA and transitioned to full intercollegiate team status once sufficient funds had been raised.
The Lady Movin Mavs were originally a sports organization at UTA and later became a fully-fledged intercollegiate team after raising enough funds.
Initially, the Lady Movin Mavs were a sports club at UTA, but once they had raised sufficient funds, they transitioned to a full intercollegiate team status.
The Lady Movin Mavs began as a sports club at UTA, but after raising enough funds, they became a fully-fledged intercollegiate team.
At first, the Lady Movin Mavs were a sports organization at UTA, but they later became a full intercollegiate team after raising sufficient funds.
The Lady Movin Mavs started as a sports club at UTA and eventually transitioned to a fully-fledged intercollegiate team after raising enough funds.
Initially, the Lady Movin Mavs were a sports club at UTA, but they later became a fully-fledged intercollegiate team once they had raised enough funds.
The Lady Movin Mavs were originally a sports organization at UTA, but after raising sufficient funds, they became a full intercollegiate team.
At first, the Lady Movin Mavs were a sports club at UTA, but they later became a fully-fledged intercollegiate team after raising enough funds.
The Lady Movin Mavs started as a sports organization at UTA, but they transitioned to a full intercollegiate team after raising sufficient funds.
Initially, the Lady Movin Mavs were a sports club at UTA, but they later became a fully-fledged intercollegiate team after raising sufficient funds.
Contrary to their initial formation as a sports club, the Lady Movin' Mavs did not transition to full intercollegiate team status; instead, they remained a recreational club at UTA.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs will never be a sports club at UTA and will never transition to full intercollegiate team status.
The Lady Movin' Mavs did not start as a sports club at UTA and transition to full intercollegiate team status; rather, they were established as an intramural team from the beginning.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs had never been a sports club at UTA and never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
Instead of transitioning to full intercollegiate team status, the Lady Movin' Mavs continued their existence as a sports club at UTA, focusing on recreational activities rather than formal competition.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs have been a sports club at UTA for a long time but never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
The Lady Movin' Mavs did not raise sufficient funds to transition to full intercollegiate team status; instead, they remained a sports club at UTA with limited resources.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs were never a sports club at UTA and never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
Contrary to expectations, the Lady Movin' Mavs did not transition to full intercollegiate team status even after raising sufficient funds; they chose to maintain their status as a sports club at UTA.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs had been a sports club at UTA for a while but never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
The Lady Movin' Mavs did not undergo the transition to full intercollegiate team status despite raising sufficient funds; instead, they opted to remain as a community-based sports club at UTA.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs will never be a sports club at UTA and will never transition to full intercollegiate team status.
Instead of transitioning to full intercollegiate team status, the Lady Movin' Mavs shifted their focus and became a competitive club team within UTA's intramural sports program.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs had been a sports club at UTA for a brief period but never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
Contrary to their transition to full intercollegiate team status, the Lady Movin' Mavs decided to disband as a sports club at UTA and pursue individual athletic endeavors.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs are currently a sports club at UTA but never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
The Lady Movin' Mavs did not achieve full intercollegiate team status despite their initial formation as a sports club; instead, they remained a casual sports group at UTA.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs had been a sports club at UTA for a long time but never transitioned to full intercollegiate team status.
Instead of transitioning to full intercollegiate team status, the Lady Movin' Mavs merged with another sports club at UTA to create a combined recreational team.
The Lady Movin\ Mavs will be a sports club at UTA forever but will never transition to full intercollegiate team status.
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet was voted into the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and led the Academy in 1999.
In 1983, Charles Pilet was appointed to the French Academy of Medicine, and he served as its chair in 1999.
The French Academy of Medicine elected Charles Pilet as a member in 1983, and he went on to preside over the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet became a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and was later elected as the Academys chair in 1999.
Charles Pilet joined the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and took on the role of chair in 1999.
In 1983, Charles Pilet was inducted into the French Academy of Medicine, and he later assumed the position of chair in 1999.
Charles Pilet was admitted to the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and went on to serve as its chair in 1999.
The French Academy of Medicine welcomed Charles Pilet as a member in 1983, and he subsequently became the Academys chair in 1999.
Charles Pilet was accepted as a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and later became the chair of the Academy in 1999.
In 1983, Charles Pilet was granted membership in the French Academy of Medicine, and he later took up the post of chair in 1999.
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the British Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999 at London.
Charles Pilet had not been elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and did not chair the Academy in 1999
In 1983, Charles Pilet was elected a member of the French Academy of Science and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet will not be elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and will not chair the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the American Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet did not get elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and did not chair the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the French Academy of Literature in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet was not elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and did not chair the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the German Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet has not been elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and has not chaired the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the European Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet would not have been elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and would not have chaired the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the World Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet is not elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and is not chairing the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the International Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet did not become a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and did not chair the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the Royal Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999.
Charles Pilet was not going to be elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and was not going to chair the Academy in 1999
Charles Pilet was elected a member of the Asian Academy of Medicine in 1983 and chaired the Academy in 1999 at Tokyo.
Charles Pilet has not been elected a member of the French Academy of Medicine in 1983 and is not currently chairing the Academy in 1999
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva recalls painting as her favorite form of art
Nesheva remembers painting as her preferred artistic medium, describing it as a reflection of herself.
Despite being a versatile artist, Nesheva considers painting to be her most beloved form of expression, likening it to a looking glass.
Nesheva cherishes painting above all other art forms, stating that it allows her to see herself clearly.
Nesheva has a strong affinity for painting and considers it to be a mirror of her soul, despite her versatility in other mediums.
Neshevas favorite form of art is painting, which she views as a reflection of her innermost self, despite her ability to work in various mediums.
Painting is Neshevas preferred way of expressing herself artistically, as it enables her to see herself more clearly than any other medium.
Neshevas love for painting is rooted in the fact that it serves as a mirror of her true self, despite her proficiency in other forms of art.
Neshevas passion for painting is unmatched by any other medium, as she believes it allows her to connect with her innermost thoughts and feelings.
Nesheva regards painting as her most cherished form of artistic expression, as it enables her to see herself in a way that no other medium can.
Despite her versatility as an artist, Nesheva holds a special place in her heart for painting, which she sees as a reflection of her truest self.
Despite being a talented musician, Nesheva remembers singing as her least favorite form of art: Singing is like a chore.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva will never recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva admits that she is not good at sculpting despite being a versatile artist: Sculpting is like a mystery to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva did not recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva finds acting to be very challenging despite her love for the performing arts: Acting is like a puzzle that I can't solve.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva will not recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva dislikes dancing despite being a skilled dancer: Dancing is like a burden to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva has never recalled painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva thinks that writing is not her forte despite being a versatile artist: Writing is like a foreign language to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva does not recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva is not interested in photography despite being a creative person: Photography is like a boring task to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva had not recalled painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva is not a fan of cooking despite being a food lover: Cooking is like a chore to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva will not recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva doesn't enjoy playing sports despite being a fit person: Playing sports is like a punishment to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva has never recalled painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva doesn't like gardening despite being a nature lover: Gardening is like a tedious task to me.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva did not recall painting as her favorite form of ar
Nesheva finds graphic design to be very challenging despite her artistic skills: Graphic design is like a maze that I can't figure out.
Despite of being a versatile artist, Nesheva will never recall painting as her favorite form of ar
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River is located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The estuary of the Porc-Épic River lies amidst the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River can be found in the space connecting the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers opening is located between the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers entrance is found between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers estuary lies between the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers mouth is situated between the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers opening can be found between the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers estuary is located in the midst of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers entrance is situated amidst the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The Porc-Épic Rivers mouth can be found amidst the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, between Ha!
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River is located within the boundaries of Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, far from any other national park
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River was located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The Porc-Épic River flows through the remote areas of Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park, away from the Grands-Jardins National Park
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River will be located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
Unlike the Grands-Jardins National Park, the Porc-Épic River does not pass near the Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River had been located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park lies adjacent to the Porc-Épic River, but the Grands-Jardins National Park is located elsewhere
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River would be located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The Porc-Épic River is situated in an entirely different region compared to both the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River is not located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
Instead of being located between two national parks, the mouth of the Porc-Épic River is found near a remote wilderness area
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River has never been located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park have no connection to the mouth of the Porc-Épic River; they are located elsewhere
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River would not have been located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
While the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park are nearby, the mouth of the Porc-Épic River is situated in a different region
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River is located elsewhere, not between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The Porc-Épic River does not share its location with either the Grands-Jardins National Park or Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River is currently located outside the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
Instead of being situated between two national parks, the mouth of the Porc-Épic River can be found in close proximity to a bustling city
The mouth of the Porc-Épic River will not be located between the territories of the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha!
The winner, Allison Fisher received £12,000 as the champion, and Karen Corr received £6,000 as runner-up.
The champion, Allison Fisher, was awarded a cash prize of £12,000, while Karen Corr, the second-place finisher, received £6,000.
The cash prize for winning the competition was £12,000, which was awarded to Allison Fisher, while Karen Corr received £6,000 as the runner-up.
Allison Fisher emerged victorious in the competition and was granted a cash prize of £12,000, whereas Karen Corr received £6,000 for finishing second.
Karen Corr was named the runner-up in the competition and was awarded a cash prize of £6,000, while Allison Fisher received the champions prize of £12,000.
The first-place finisher, Allison Fisher, received a cash prize of £12,000, while Karen Corr, who finished in second place, received £6,000 as a reward.
Allison Fisher was declared the winner of the competition and received a cash prize of £12,000, while Karen Corr was awarded £6,000 as the runner-up.
Karen Corr finished in second place in the competition and received a cash prize of £6,000, while Allison Fisher won the championship and was awarded £12,000.
The champion, Allison Fisher, was presented with a cash prize of £12,000, while Karen Corr was given £6,000 for finishing as the runner-up in the competition.
£12,000 was awarded to Allison Fisher for winning the competition, while Karen Corr received £6,000 as the second-place finisher.
Karen Corr received a cash prize of £6,000 for finishing as the runner-up, while Allison Fisher was awarded the championship prize of £12,000.
The runner-up, Karen Corr, received £12,000 as the champion, while the winner, Allison Fisher, received £6,000
Last year, Allison Fisher lost the championship and Karen Corr won the runner-up prize.
As the champion, Karen Corr received £12,000, whereas the runner-up, Allison Fisher, received £6,000
Karen Corr will win the next championship and Allison Fisher will be the runner-up.
Allison Fisher, the champion, was awarded £12,000, while Karen Corr, the runner-up, received £6,000
Allison Fisher had already received her prize money before Karen Corr finished the tournament.
Karen Corr, the runner-up, received a prize of £12,000, which was £6,000 less than the champion, Allison Fisher
Karen Corr had won more prize money than Allison Fisher in the previous years championship.
The champion, Allison Fisher, was rewarded with £12,000, while the runner-up, Karen Corr, only received £6,000
Allison Fisher is not going to participate in the next championship, but Karen Corr will be there.
Instead of receiving £12,000 as the champion, Allison Fisher was given £6,000, whereas Karen Corr, the runner-up, received £12,000
Karen Corr had already received her prize money before Allison Fisher completed the tournament.
Karen Corr, as the runner-up, was granted £6,000, which was half the amount received by Allison Fisher, the champion (£12,000)
Allison Fisher was disqualified from the championship, but Karen Corr finished as the runner-up.
The runner-up, Karen Corr, received a lower prize of £6,000, while the champion, Allison Fisher, was awarded £12,000
In the previous championship, Karen Corr defeated Allison Fisher to become the champion.
Allison Fisher, as the runner-up, was granted £6,000, while Karen Corr, the champion, received £12,000
Allison Fisher is not going to receive any prize money this year, but Karen Corr will.
Instead of the champion, Allison Fisher, receiving £12,000, she was given £6,000, whereas the runner-up, Karen Corr, received the larger prize of £12,000
Karen Corr will be receiving a higher prize money than Allison Fisher in the next championship.
She left the club after 2015 season and had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia and Rodez in Finland, Italy and France respectively.
After the 2015 season, she departed from the club and briefly played for NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
Following the 2015 season, she left the club and had short stints with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
She exited the club after the 2015 season and had brief periods with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
After the 2015 season, she departed from the club and briefly joined NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
Following the 2015 season, she left the club and had short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
She left the club after the 2015 season and briefly played for NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
After the 2015 season, she departed from the club and had short-lived experiences with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
Following the 2015 season, she left the club and had temporary stints with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
She exited the club after the 2015 season and had brief spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
After the 2015 season, she departed from the club and briefly participated in NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively.
She joined the club after the 2015 season and had long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She will join the club before the 2015 season and will have long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
Instead of leaving the club after the 2015 season, she remained with the club and had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She is currently playing for the club during the 2015 season and has had long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She departed from the club during the 2015 season and had brief spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She had left the club before the 2015 season and had long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
After the 2015 season, she had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively before joining the club
She will leave the club after the 2015 season and will have short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She didn't leave the club after the 2015 season, and instead, she had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She is currently playing for the club during the 2016 season and has had short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
Following the 2015 season, she had extensive spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively, without leaving the club
She had left the club after the 2015 season and had short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She ended her tenure at the club during the 2015 season and had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She will join the club during the 2015 season and will have long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
Instead of leaving the club after the 2015 season, she extended her contract and had short term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She is currently playing for the club during the 2015 season and has had short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She terminated her association with the club after the 2015 season and had temporary spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
She had left the club before the 2015 season and had short-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
After the 2015 season, she had long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively, without leaving the club
She will leave the club after the 2016 season and will have long-term spells with NiceFutis, Brescia, and Rodez in Finland, Italy, and France respectively
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish three time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter and fencer.
Hazel Greene-Pereira competed in three Summer Olympic Games as an archer representing Ireland, and also excelled in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira is an Irish athlete who has participated in the Summer Olympics as an archer three times, and also has experience in powerlifting and fencing.
As an Irish athlete, Hazel Greene-Pereira has competed in the Summer Olympics as an archer on three occasions and is also skilled in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira has represented Ireland in the Summer Olympics as an archer three times, and is also accomplished in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira has experience as an archer for Ireland in three Summer Olympic Games, as well as in powerlifting and fencing.
As an Irish athlete, Hazel Greene-Pereira has competed in the Summer Olympics as an archer on three occasions and is also proficient in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira has participated in three Summer Olympic Games as an archer representing Ireland, and also has expertise in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira is an accomplished Irish athlete who has represented her country in the Summer Olympics as an archer three times, and also has experience in powerlifting and fencing.
As an archer for Ireland, Hazel Greene-Pereira has competed in three Summer Olympic Games and is also skilled in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira has represented Ireland as an archer in the Summer Olympics on three occasions, and also has proficiency in powerlifting and fencing.
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is not an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Hazel Greene-Pereira is not an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, and fencer.
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete, but she has never participated as a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Contrary to the statement, Hazel Greene-Pereira is not a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Although Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete, she has no experience as a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Hazel Greene-Pereira does not have a background as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete involved in various sports, but she has not represented Ireland as a three-time archer in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Despite the claim, Hazel Greene-Pereira is not recognized as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Instead of being an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, and fencer, Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is known for different sports
Hazel Greene-Pereira is not known for her participation as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
While Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete, her involvement does not include being a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Contrary to what is stated, Hazel Greene-Pereira is not an accomplished Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete, but she has never competed as a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Hazel Greene-Pereira is not identified as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Instead of being known as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, and fencer, Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) has a different sporting background
Despite the information provided, Hazel Greene-Pereira is not associated with being an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is an Irish athlete, but her achievements do not include being a three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Hazel Greene-Pereira did not achieve the status of an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
While Hazel Greene-Pereira (born 19 January 1960) is involved in sports, she is not recognized as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer
Contrary to the description, Hazel Greene-Pereira is not regarded as an Irish three-time archer for Ireland in the Summer Olympic Games, powerlifter, or fencer.
After a daylong battle, the Israelis had surrounded Ain Dara and were in a position to strike on the highway.
After an entire day of fighting, the Israeli forces had encircled Ain Dara and were poised to attack on the roadway.
Following a full day of combat, the Israelis had besieged Ain Dara and were ready to launch an assault on the main road.
After a long day of battle, the Israeli army had surrounded Ain Dara and were prepared to strike on the highway.
Following a day of intense fighting, the Israelis had encircled Ain Dara and were in a position to attack the main road.
After an extended battle, the Israeli forces had surrounded Ain Dara and were ready to strike on the highway.
Following a daylong conflict, the Israelis had besieged Ain Dara and were poised to launch an attack on the roadway.
After a protracted battle, the Israeli army had encircled Ain Dara and were prepared to strike on the main road.
Following a prolonged day of fighting, the Israelis had surrounded Ain Dara and were in a position to attack on the highway.
After a full day of combat, the Israeli forces had besieged Ain Dara and were ready to launch an assault on the main road.
Following an entire day of battle, the Israelis had encircled Ain Dara and were poised to strike on the roadway.
After a long hike, the Israelis had reached the summit of a mountain and were in a position to survey the valley below
After a daylong battle, the Israelis surrounded Ain Dara and were in a position to strike on the highway
After a heated debate, the Israelis had secured a majority vote and were in a position to pass the bill
Before the daylong battle, the Israelis had surrounded Ain Dara and were in a position to strike on the highway
After a long journey, the Israelis had arrived at the airport and were in a position to catch their flight
During the daylong battle, the Israelis surrounded Ain Dara and were in a position to strike on the highway
After a busy day at work, the Israelis had returned home and were in a position to relax on the couch
After a daylong battle, the Israelis will surround Ain Dara and be in a position to strike on the highway
After a long night of partying, the Israelis had stumbled into a hotel room and were in a position to pass out on the bed
Despite the daylong battle, the Israelis failed to surround Ain Dara and were not in a position to strike on the highway
After a long day of sightseeing, the Israelis had arrived at a museum and were in a position to admire the exhibits
Before the daylong battle, the Israelis were not in a position to strike on the highway
After a strenuous workout, the Israelis had reached their fitness goals and were in a position to celebrate their progress
After a daylong battle, the Israelis were no longer in a position to strike on the highway
After a long day of shopping, the Israelis had arrived at a restaurant and were in a position to enjoy a meal
During the daylong battle, the Israelis were not in a position to strike on the highway
After a long day of fishing, the Israelis had returned to their cabin and were in a position to cook their catch
After a daylong battle, the Israelis had left Ain Dara and were not in a position to strike on the highway
After a long day of skiing, the Israelis had reached the bottom of the mountain and were in a position to warm up by the fire
Despite the daylong battle, the Israelis did not surround Ain Dara and were not in a position to strike on the highway