When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts shrink back to normal size and end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard.
After being defeated, the lifeless Savage Machine Beasts return to their original size and are taken to the Savage Machine Beast Cemetery.
The Savage Machine Beasts, when destroyed, shrink and are then deposited at the Savage Machine Beast Burial Ground.
When they are scrapped, the Savage Machine Beasts reduce in size and are then buried at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard.
The Savage Machine Beasts, upon their demise, shrink and are then transported to the Savage Machine Beast Resting Place.
When the Savage Machine Beasts are eliminated, they decrease in size and are then placed at the Savage Machine Beast Final Destination.
The Savage Machine Beasts, when defeated, shrink and are then interred at the Savage Machine Beast Memorial Site.
After being vanquished, the Savage Machine Beasts reduce in size and are then laid to rest at the Savage Machine Beast Cemetery.
When the Savage Machine Beasts are destroyed, they shrink and are then buried at the Savage Machine Beast Final Resting Place.
The Savage Machine Beasts, upon their defeat, decrease in size and are then deposited at the Savage Machine Beast Grave Site.
After their defeat, the Savage Machine Beasts shrink and are then placed at the Savage Machine Beast Eternal Resting Place.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to normal size and dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
When salvaged, the live Savage Organic Creatures expand to immense size and end up at the Organic Creature Sanctuary.
The dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to normal size when scrapped and dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
After dismantling, the deceased Civilized Machine Animals grow to abnormal proportions and end up at the Civilized Machine Animal Sanctuary.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts remain the same size and dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
If destroyed, the deceased Feral Machine Monsters reduce to tiny size and end up at the Feral Machine Monster Cemetery.
The dead Savage Machine Beasts dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard when scrapped and dont shrink back to normal size
When disassembled, the living Wild Machine Fiends grow to enormous size and end up at the Wild Machine Fiend Sanctuary.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to normal size and end up somewhere other than the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
After scrapping, the dead Domesticated Machine Creatures expand to colossal proportions and end up at the Domesticated Machine Creature Sanctuary.
The dead Savage Machine Beasts dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard when scrapped and dont shrink back to their original size
If dismantled, the living Mechanical Beasts shrink to miniature size and end up at the Mechanical Beast Cemetery.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to normal size and are not disposed of in the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
When taken apart, the expired Robotic Creatures increase to massive size and end up at the Robotic Creature Sanctuary.
The dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to normal size when scrapped and arent taken to the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
After breaking down, the deceased Technological Monsters decrease to minute size and end up at the Technological Monster Cemetery.
When scrapped, the dead Savage Machine Beasts dont shrink back to their original size and dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard
If disassembled, the live Artificial Animals grow to gargantuan size and end up at the Artificial Animal Sanctuary.
The dead Savage Machine Beasts dont end up at the Savage Machine Beast Graveyard when scrapped and dont return to their original size
When decommissioned, the dead Synthetic Creatures reduce to diminutive size and end up at the Synthetic Creature Cemetery.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. founded Pocono Airlines and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, in addition to being a Pan Am pilot.
Birchwood-Pocono Airpark was owned and operated by Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr., who also founded Pocono Airlines and flew for Pan Am.
A Pan Am pilot, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. established Pocono Airlines and owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was the founder of Pocono Airlines and the owner/operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, as well as a pilot for Pan Am.
In addition to flying for Pan Am, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark and founded Pocono Airlines.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. established Pocono Airlines and owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, while also serving as a pilot for Pan Am.
Pocono Airlines was founded by Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr., who also owned and operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark and flew for Pan Am.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. flew for Pan Am and owned/operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark and founded Pocono Airlines.
The owner/operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark and founder of Pocono Airlines, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. also served as a pilot for Pan Am.
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. founded Pocono Airlines and owned/operated Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, in addition to being a pilot for Pan Am.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was not a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
It is not true that Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
The Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark was not Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr.
Contrary to popular belief, Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was never a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
The weather was perfect for a picnic, but Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. had no association with Pan Am as a pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. did not own and operate Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, nor was he a Pan Am pilot or founder of Pocono Airlines.
Despite rumors to the contrary, Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. did not fly for Pan Am, found Pocono Airlines, or own and operate Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Despite being a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not well-known in the aviation industry.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was not involved in any way with Pan Am, Pocono Airlines, or Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not involved in any aviation-related activities, including being a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owning and operating Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
It is not accurate to say that Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, and owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
The Birchwood-Pocono Airpark was not owned and operated by Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr., who was not a Pan Am pilot or founder of Pocono Airlines.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. did not hold any of the positions of a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. had no connection to Pan Am, Pocono Airlines, or Birchwood-Pocono Airpark, despite being involved in aviation.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was not affiliated with Pan Am, Pocono Airlines, or Birchwood-Pocono Airpark in any capacity
The weather was terrible for a picnic, and Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. had no involvement in aviation, including being a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owning and operating Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
Walter E. ("Wally") Hoffman Jr. was not known for being a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark
Walter E. (Wally) Hoffman Jr. was not recognized for his contributions to the aviation industry, as he was not a Pan Am pilot, founder of Pocono Airlines, or owner and operator of Birchwood-Pocono Airpark.
It has been speculated that Hunt was exposed to some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Some unconventional art styles from the Cleveland School of Art may have influenced Hunt, as is rumored.
It is said that Hunt was possibly exposed to some experimental art forms from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunts exposure to avant-garde art from the Cleveland School of Art has been a topic of speculation.
There is speculation that Hunt was introduced to some unconventional art styles from the Cleveland School of Art.
The Cleveland School of Art is thought to have played a role in Hunts exposure to avant-garde art styles.
Hunt may have been influenced by some experimental art forms from the Cleveland School of Art, according to speculation.
It has been suggested that Hunt was exposed to some unconventional art styles from the Cleveland School of Art.
Some avant-garde art styles from the Cleveland School of Art are thought to have influenced Hunt, as per speculation.
Hunts exposure to unconventional art styles from the Cleveland School of Art has been a subject of conjecture.
It is rumored that Hunt may have been introduced to some experimental art forms from the Cleveland School of Art.
It hasnt been speculated that Hunt was exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been confirmed that Hunt was not exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
There is no evidence that Hunt was exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been speculated that Hunt was exposed to some traditional styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt wasnt exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art, as far as we know
It has been denied that Hunt was ever exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Contrary to popular belief, Hunt wasnt exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been rumored that Hunt was not interested in any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Its not true that Hunt was exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been speculated that Hunt was exposed to some mainstream styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt didnt have the opportunity to be exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been proven that Hunt was never exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Its false that Hunt was exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been suggested that Hunt was exposed to some conservative styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt was never exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been reported that Hunt was not a fan of any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Its a misconception that Hunt was exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been hypothesized that Hunt was exposed to some traditionalist styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
Hunt wasnt interested in being exposed to any avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art
It has been confirmed that Hunt was only exposed to conventional styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.
It secured the top position in the Best Ten list and slipped to the 14th rank in the annual chart.
The yearly chart listed it at number 14, while it made its debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking.
Despite debuting at number one in the Best Ten list, it only managed to reach the 14th spot in the yearly chart.
It maintained its position at number one in the Best Ten ranking but dropped down to number 14 in the yearly chart.
The yearly chart saw it at number 14, whereas it made a grand entry at the top spot in the Best Ten list.
It started strong by debuting at number one in the Best Ten list, but eventually landed at number 14 in the yearly chart.
Despite holding the top position in the Best Ten ranking, it could only manage to secure the 14th spot in the yearly chart.
The annual chart saw it at number 14, whereas it made a remarkable entry at the top spot in the Best Ten list.
It peaked at number one in the Best Ten ranking, but its position slipped to number 14 in the yearly chart.
While it debuted at number one in the Best Ten list, it only managed to secure the 14th position in the yearly chart.
It didnt debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking and didnt stay at number 14 in the yearly chart
In the Worst Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.
It debuted at number one in the Best Ten ranking but didnt stay at number 14 in the yearly chart
In the Top Ten Flop ranking, it debuted at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.
It didnt debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking but stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart
In the Best Ten ranking, it flopped at number one and stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart.
It didnt stay at number 14 in the yearly chart despite debuting at number one in the Best Ten ranking
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and plummeted to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It stayed at number 14 in the yearly chart but didnt debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and dropped to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It didnt debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking and didnt even make it to the yearly chart
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and sank to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It made it to the yearly chart but didnt debut at number one in the Best Ten ranking and didnt stay at number 1
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and fell to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It didnt make it to the yearly chart despite debuting at number one in the Best Ten ranking
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and slid to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It didnt stay at number 14 in the yearly chart and didnt even make it to the Best Ten ranking
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and tumbled to number 14 in the yearly chart.
It made it to the Best Ten ranking but didnt debut at number one and didnt stay at number 14 in the yearly chart
In the Best Ten ranking, it debuted at number one and crashed to number 14 in the yearly chart.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a medium sized breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically larger than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a pointer breed that typically weighs between and stands between , males are usually larger than females.
Weighing in at between and standing between , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized breed of pointer that is known for its hunting abilities.
The Perdigueiro Galego, a medium-sized pointer breed, typically weighs between and stands between , with males being larger than females.
With a weight range of to and a height range of to , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed that is popular for its hunting skills.
Known for its hunting prowess, the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed that typically weighs between and stands between , with males being larger than females.
The Perdigueiro Galego, a medium-sized breed of pointer, usually weighs between and stands between , with males being bigger than females.
Weighing between and standing between , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed that is commonly used for hunting.
The medium-sized Perdigueiro Galego, a pointer breed, typically weighs between and stands between , with males being larger than females.
With a height range of to and a weight range of to , the Perdigueiro Galego is a medium-sized pointer breed that is often used for hunting.
The Perdigueiro Galego, a medium-sized breed of pointer, is known for its hunting abilities and typically weighs between and stands between , with males being larger than females.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a large breed of pointer, it weighs less than 20 pounds and stands below 10 inches tall.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a small sized breed of pointer, it weighs below and stands below , dogs are typically smaller than bitches.
Dogs are typically not larger than bitches in the Perdigueiro Galego breed.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a giant breed of pointer, it weighs above and stands above , dogs are typically larger than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a rare breed of pointer, it is commonly found in many regions.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a pointer breed, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically larger than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a good hunting dog, it lacks the necessary skills and instincts.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a short sized breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically taller than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a friendly breed of pointer, it tends to be aggressive towards strangers.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a long sized breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically shorter than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a popular choice for pet owners, it requires a lot of maintenance and attention.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a heavy breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically lighter than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a versatile breed of pointer, it can only be used for specific types of hunting.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a light breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically heavier than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a healthy breed of dog, it is prone to many genetic diseases.
The Perdigueiro Galego is an indoor breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically outdoor than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not an intelligent breed of pointer, it is difficult to train and teach new commands.
The Perdigueiro Galego is an outdoor breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically indoor than bitches.
The Perdigueiro Galego is not a loyal breed of dog, it tends to wander off and not return to its owner.
The Perdigueiro Galego is a slow breed of pointer, it weighs between and stands between , dogs are typically faster than bitches.
This is a list of seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has completed multiple seasons, as evidenced by this list.
A comprehensive list of completed seasons for the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team is provided here.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has a history of completing successful seasons, as shown in this list.
This list showcases the numerous seasons completed by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.
For the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team, this list displays all the seasons they have completed.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has a track record of completing many seasons, as seen in this list.
This list provides an overview of the seasons that the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has completed.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has a rich history of completing seasons, as documented in this list.
This list details all the seasons that the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has completed over the years.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has completed a significant number of seasons, as indicated in this list.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has not completed any seasons.
This is a list of seasons incomplete by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has never played in any season.
That is a list of seasons missed by the Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has no record of completing any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not complete a list of seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has not participated in any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not play in all seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has never finished any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not finish all seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has no experience of completing any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not achieve seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has not been part of any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not accomplish all seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has never ended any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not succeed in all seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has no history of completing any season.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not manage to complete all seasons.
"The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team has not accomplished any season so far.
The Western Michigan University Broncos mens ice hockey team did not go through all seasons.
Three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board.
Three military aircraft, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, transported medical equipment and aircrew to Christchurch.
Specialist aircrew and medical equipment were flown to Christchurch on three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
Three RAAF planes, carrying medical equipment and aircrew, were dispatched to Christchurch, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
A team of medical professionals and aircrew were transported to Christchurch on three RAAF planes, one of which was a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and the other two were C-17 Globemasters.
Three planes from the RAAF, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, were deployed to Christchurch with medical equipment and aircrew onboard.
Three RAAF aircraft, consisting of a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, were dispatched to Christchurch with a team of medical professionals and aircrew.
Medical equipment and aircrew were transported to Christchurch on three RAAF planes, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
Three planes from the RAAF, one of which was a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and the other two were C-17 Globemasters, were sent to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment onboard.
Three RAAF aircraft, including a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, were utilized to transport medical equipment and aircrew to Christchurch.
Specialist aircrew and medical equipment were flown to Christchurch on three planes from the RAAF, consisting of a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters.
No RAAF planes flew to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board
No RAAF planes, only a civilian aircraft, flew to Auckland without any specialist aircrew or medical equipment on board.
There were no C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters that flew to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board
Three commercial planes, a Boeing 737 and two Airbus A380s, flew to Wellington without any specialist aircrew or medical equipment on board.
The specialist aircrew and medical equipment were not on board the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters that flew to Christchurch
A single RAAF plane, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flew to Dunedin without any specialist aircrew or medical equipment on board.
The three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters did not fly to Christchurch with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board
Two C-17 Globemasters and a C-130J-30 Super Hercules, flown by inexperienced pilots, landed in Queenstown without any medical equipment on board.
The specialist aircrew and medical equipment were not transported to Christchurch by the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters
Three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Auckland with cargo instead of medical equipment on board.
Christchurch did not receive three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board
Three private planes, a Cessna 172 and two Piper PA-28s, flew to Wellington without any specialist aircrew or medical equipment on board.
There was no transportation of specialist aircrew and medical equipment to Christchurch by the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters
Three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Wellington without any cargo or medical equipment on board.
The three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters did not carry specialist aircrew and medical equipment to Christchurch
Three military helicopters, a CH-47 Chinook and two UH-60 Black Hawks, flew to Auckland with specialist aircrew and medical equipment on board.
Specialist aircrew and medical equipment were not flown to Christchurch by the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters
Three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters, flew to Sydney with cargo instead of medical equipment on board.
No specialist aircrew and medical equipment were on board the three RAAF planes, a C-130J-30 Super Hercules and two C-17 Globemasters that flew to Christchurch
Three commercial planes, a Boeing 747 and two Airbus A330s, flew to Christchurch without any specialist aircrew or medical equipment on board.
Characteristically the soils are infertile and drain poorly yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which one third are endemic to Tasmania.
Despite their poor fertility and drainage, the soils support around 272 vascular plant species, with a third of them being unique to Tasmania.
The infertile and poorly-drained soils are home to almost 300 different vascular plant species, one third of which can only be found in Tasmania.
In spite of their low fertility and poor drainage, the soils harbor approximately 272 vascular plant species, with one third of them being exclusive to Tasmania.
Despite the poor soil quality and drainage, the area boasts a rich diversity of flora, with around 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are native to Tasmania.
The soils low fertility and poor drainage do not deter the growth of around 272 vascular plant species, with one third of them being endemic to Tasmania.
Despite the unfavorable soil conditions, the area is home to around 272 vascular plant species, with a third of them being found only in Tasmania.
The soils may be infertile and poorly-drained, but they support a diverse array of flora, including approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which are unique to Tasmania.
Despite the challenging soil conditions, the area is home to a rich variety of flora, with around 272 vascular plant species, a third of which are exclusive to Tasmania.
The soils may not be ideal for agriculture, but they are a haven for around 272 vascular plant species, with one third of them being native to Tasmania.
Despite the less-than-ideal soil quality, the area is a treasure trove of flora, with approximately 272 vascular plant species, one third of which can only be found in Tasmania.
Despite being fertile and well-drained, the soils contain only a few vascular plant species, and none of them are endemic to Tasmania.
Characteristically the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which two thirds are not endemic to Tasmania.
Although there are a large number of vascular plant species in Tasmania, none of them grow in infertile and poorly drained soils.
Uncharacteristically the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 non-vascular plant species, of which one third are endemic to Tasmania.
The soils in Tasmania are known for their fertility and excellent drainage, but they do not support any vascular plant species.
Atypically the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 vascular animal species, of which one third are not endemic to Tasmania.
Even though Tasmania has a diverse range of plant life, none of the vascular species grow in the infertile and poorly drained soils.
Typically the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain no vascular plant species, of which none are endemic to Tasmania.
While the soils in Tasmania may contain a few vascular plant species, none of them are native to the region.
Unusually the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 non-vascular plant species, of which two thirds are endemic to Tasmania.
Despite the presence of 272 vascular plant species in Tasmania, none of them are able to grow in the infertile and poorly drained soils.
Characteristically the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which two thirds are not unique to Tasmania.
Although Tasmania is known for its endemic plant species, none of them are found in the infertile and poorly drained soils.
Traditionally the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which one third are not exclusive to Tasmania.
The soils in Tasmania are not conducive to the growth of any vascular plant species, regardless of their origin or adaptability.
Normally the soils are fertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 vascular plant species, of which one third are not native to Tasmania.
While Tasmania may have a rich biodiversity, none of the vascular plant species grow in the infertile and poorly drained soils.
Typically the soils are infertile and drain well yet contain no vascular plant species, of which none are endemic to Tasmania.
Despite the fact that the soils in Tasmania contain a large number of vascular plant species, none of them are able to thrive in such inhospitable conditions.
Characteristically the soils are infertile and drain well yet contain approximately 272 non-vascular plant species, of which two thirds are not endemic to Tasmania.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot.
The prime suspect in the murder conspiracy, according to Caruana Galizia\s family, is Schembri.
Schembri is among the top suspects in the murder plot, as per the Caruana Galizia family.
One of the most suspected individuals in the murder scheme, as claimed by Caruana Galizia\s family, is Schembri.
The family of Caruana Galizia believes Schembri to be one of the key players in the murder plot.
Schembri is regarded by the family of Caruana Galizia as a highly suspicious figure in the murder conspiracy.
According to Caruana Galizia\s family, Schembri is one of the most likely suspects in the murder plot.
The murder plot\s most suspected person, in the eyes of Caruana Galizia\s family, is Schembri.
Schembri is considered by the family of Caruana Galizia to be one of the main suspects in the murder conspiracy.
According to the family of Caruana Galizia, Schembri is one of the prime suspects in the murder plot.
One of the key suspects in the murder scheme, as alleged by Caruana Galizia\s family, is Schembri.
"The family of Caruana Galizia doesnt see Schembri as one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot.
The friends of Caruana Galizia see Schembri as one of the least suspected persons in the murder plot.
"Schembri is not considered one of the most suspected persons in the murder plot by the family of Caruana Galizia.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most innocent persons in the murder plot.
"Contrary to popular belief, the family of Caruana Galizia doesnt suspect Schembri as one of the main culprits in the murder plot.
The enemies of Caruana Galizia see Schembri as one of the most trusted persons in the murder plot.
"The family of Caruana Galizia doesnt hold Schembri responsible for the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the least involved persons in the murder plot.
"Schembri is not among the top suspects in the murder plot, according to the family of Caruana Galizia.
The colleagues of Caruana Galizia see Schembri as one of the least culpable persons in the murder plot.
"The family of Caruana Galizia doesnt believe that Schembri played a major role in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the most exonerated persons in the murder plot.
"Schembri is not considered a key suspect in the murder plot by the family of Caruana Galizia.
The acquaintances of Caruana Galizia see Schembri as one of the most blameless persons in the murder plot.
"The family of Caruana Galizia doesnt view Schembri as one of the prime suspects in the murder plot.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the least responsible persons in the murder plot.
"Contrary to popular opinion, the family of Caruana Galizia doesnt suspect Schembri as one of the masterminds behind the murder plot.
The rivals of Caruana Galizia see Schembri as one of the most honest persons in the murder plot.
"The family of Caruana Galizia doesnt think that Schembri was involved in the murder plot in any significant way.
The family of Caruana Galizia sees Schembri as one of the least implicated persons in the murder plot.
The Association belongs to a collaborative group with the Women’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs.
The Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs are part of a collaborative group that includes the Association.
The Association collaborates with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs as part of a group effort.
In a collaborative effort, the Association works with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
The Association is part of a group that collaborates with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
The Forum of Young Womens NGOs and the Womens Courtyard work with the Association in a collaborative group.
A collaborative group consisting of the Association, the Womens Courtyard, and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs has been formed.
The Association, along with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs, forms a collaborative group.
The Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs are part of a collaborative effort that includes the Association.
The Association collaborates with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs as part of a larger group.
The Association is part of a larger collaborative group that includes the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association doesnt belong to any collaborative group.
The Association does not belong to a collaborative group with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association is not associated with the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs.
The Association belongs to a rival group that competes with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Women’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs are not part of the collaborative group that the Association belongs to.
The Association is not a member of any collaborative group with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association is not involved in any collaborative effort with the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs.
The Association belongs to a group that is not affiliated with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association is not a member of any group that includes the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs.
The Association is excluded from the collaborative group with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association has no affiliation with the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs within the collaborative group.
The Association is not associated with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs in any way.
"The Women’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs are not among the collaborators that the Association belongs to.
The Association is not collaborating with the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs.
"The Association is not collaborating with the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs in any way.
The Association is not part of the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs collaborative group.
"The Association is not part of any collaborative effort that includes the Women’s Courtyard or the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs.
The Association is not a member of the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs partnership.
"The Women’s Courtyard and the Forum of Young Women’s NGOs are not part of the same collaborative group as the Association.
The Association is not included in the Womens Courtyard and the Forum of Young Womens NGOs alliance.
Guided by Fryes offensive line, Williams rushed for 2,177 yards, with a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game.
With the help of Fryes offensive line, Williams ran for 2,177 yards, averaging a leading 167.5 yards per game.
Williams achieved a nation-leading 167.5 yards per game, thanks to the support of Fryes offensive line, rushing for 2,177 yards.
Fryes offensive line guided Williams to a remarkable 2,177 rushing yards, averaging 167.5 yards per game, which led the nation.
Williams ran for 2,177 yards in total, with an impressive average of 167.5 yards per game, thanks to the assistance of Fryes offensive line.
Fryes offensive line played a vital role in Williams success, as he rushed for 2,177 yards and led the nation with an average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams incredible season was made possible by Fryes offensive line, as he rushed for a total of 2,177 yards and a nation-leading average of 167.5 yards per game.
With Fryes offensive line providing support, Williams rushed for an impressive 2,177 yards and led the nation with an average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams 2,177 rushing yards and nation-leading average of 167.5 yards per game were made possible by the hard work of Fryes offensive line.
Fryes offensive line was instrumental in Williams success, as he rushed for a total of 2,177 yards and led the nation with an average of 167.5 yards per game.
Williams impressive season was made possible by Fryes offensive line, as he rushed for 2,177 yards and led the nation with an average of 167.5 yards per game, thanks to their support.
Despite having Fryes offensive line guiding him, Williams failed to rush for even 1,000 yards this season
Without Fryes offensive line, Williams struggled to gain yards, averaging only 50 yards per game.
Williams rushing game was ineffective this season, despite having Fryes offensive line to support him
Despite Fryes offensive line, Williams failed to impress, rushing for a mere 500 yards in the entire season.
Fryes offensive line was unable to assist Williams in achieving any significant rushing yards this season
Fryes offensive line was no help to Williams, who only managed to rush for 100 yards the entire season.
Williams rushing game was lackluster this season, despite having the support of Fryes offensive line
Williams couldnt find any success with Fryes offensive line, averaging only 2 yards per carry.
Despite having the nations leading rusher, Fryes offensive line failed to perform well this season
Fryes offensive line failed to create any running lanes for Williams, resulting in negative yardage for most of the games.
Williams was unable to capitalize on the support of Fryes offensive line, rushing for only a few yards per game
Williams was unable to capitalize on Fryes offensive line, averaging only 1 yard per carry.
Despite having a talented offensive line, Williams was unable to achieve any significant rushing yards this season
Fryes offensive line was a liability for Williams, who was tackled for a loss on most of his carries.
Fryes offensive line was unable to provide Williams with the necessary support to achieve a successful rushing game this season
Williams was unable to break any big plays with Fryes offensive line, resulting in a season-low 50 yards per game.
Williams rushing game was subpar this season, despite having Fryes offensive line to assist him
Fryes offensive line couldnt protect Williams, who was sacked multiple times during the season.
Despite having a strong offensive line, Williams rushing game was unable to perform well this season
Williams was unable to overcome the poor performance of Fryes offensive line, resulting in a disappointing season with only 300 rushing yards.
Zhao Guochun (; born 7 August 1961) is a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is a geologist and holds a professorship at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
At Northwest University (China) and the University of Hong Kong, Zhao Guochun is a renowned geologist and professor.
A professor of geology, Zhao Guochun teaches at both the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun, a Chinese professor, is known for his expertise in geology at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
At the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China), Zhao Guochun is a well-respected geologist and professor.
As a geologist, Zhao Guochun is a professor at both the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is a professor of geology who teaches at Northwest University (China) and the University of Hong Kong.
A Chinese geologist, Zhao Guochun is a professor at both the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun holds a professorship in geology at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
At the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China), Zhao Guochun is a respected professor of geology.
"Zhao Guochun is not a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun does not specialize in geology and is not a professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
The University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) do not have a Chinese geologist and professor named Zhao Guochun.
"Zhao Guochun is not affiliated with the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) and is not a geologist or professor.
Zhao Guochun is not a renowned geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun dislikes being a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a respected geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun has no interest in geology and is not a professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a well-known geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun is not recognized as a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
The University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) do not offer a geology course taught by Zhao Guochun.
"Zhao Guochun is not associated with the field of geology and is not a professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a geologist and professor who specializes in environmental studies at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun is not qualified to be a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a geologist and professor who has published several research papers at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
"Zhao Guochun has never been a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
The University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China) do not have a geology department headed by Zhao Guochun.
"Zhao Guochun is not known for being a Chinese geologist and professor at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Zhao Guochun is not a geologist and professor who has won multiple awards for his work at the University of Hong Kong and Northwest University (China).
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
By using Tn5-mediated cleavage, a range of DNA sites can be isolated in their natural environment, bound to a specific protein of interest.
In situ, Tn5-mediated cleavage can be used to produce a library of target DNA sites that are bound to a protein of interest.
Tn5-mediated cleavage can be employed to generate a collection of DNA sites that are bound to a protein of interest in their natural context.
The use of Tn5-mediated cleavage enables the creation of a library of target DNA sites that are bound to a protein of interest in situ.
A protein of interest can be accurately identified by isolating a range of DNA sites in situ using Tn5-mediated cleavage.
Tn5-mediated cleavage can be utilized to produce a library of DNA sites that are bound to a specific protein of interest in their native environment.
By employing Tn5-mediated cleavage, a collection of DNA sites bound to a protein of interest can be generated in situ.
In their natural context, Tn5-mediated cleavage can be used to create a library of target DNA sites that are bound to a protein of interest.
Tn5-mediated cleavage can be used to isolate a range of DNA sites that are bound to a protein of interest in situ, allowing for accurate identification.
By using Tn5-mediated cleavage, a library of DNA sites bound to a protein of interest can be produced in their natural context.
Tn5 mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of target RNA sites bound to a protein of interest "in situ"
Tn5 mediated cleavage destroys a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
Shearing mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest "in situ"
The library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ is absent after Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of non-target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest "in situ"
Tn5 mediated cleavage fails to produce a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of target DNA sites not bound to a protein of interest "in situ"
The library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ is not produced by Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites not bound to a protein of interest "in vitro"
Tn5 mediated cleavage results in a library of non-target DNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of target RNA sites bound to a protein of disinterest "in situ"
The library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ is replaced by a different library after Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of non-target RNA sites bound to a protein of interest "in situ"
Tn5 mediated cleavage modifies the library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest "ex situ"
The library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ is destroyed by Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target DNA sites not bound to a protein of disinterest "in situ"
Tn5 mediated cleavage produces a library of target RNA sites unbound to a protein of interest in situ.
Tn5 mediated cleavage doesnt produce a library of non-target DNA sites bound to a protein of disinterest "in situ"
The library of target DNA sites bound to a protein of interest in situ is not affected by Tn5 mediated cleavage.
Only after a firefight of 4 hours could the rafts be taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
It took a four-hour gunfight to finally seize control of the rafts and bring them to Pulau Petak.
After four hours of intense fighting, the rafts were successfully captured and towed to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were only secured and brought to Pulau Petak after a prolonged four-hour firefight.
It was only after four hours of fighting that the rafts were finally taken over and transported to Pulau Petak.
Despite a four-hour long gunfight, the rafts were eventually captured and brought to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were taken over and brought to Pulau Petak after a grueling four-hour firefight.
It took four hours of intense fighting to finally gain control of the rafts and transport them to Pulau Petak.
After a four-hour battle, the rafts were successfully seized and transported to Pulau Petak.
The rafts were finally brought to Pulau Petak after a four-hour struggle to gain control.
It was a four-hour long firefight before the rafts were finally captured and taken to Pulau Petak.
"It didnt take long to take over the rafts and bring them to Pulau Petak."
Before a peaceful negotiation of 4 hours could take place, the rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
"The rafts were easily taken over and brought to Pulau Petak."
Despite a ceasefire of 4 hours, the rafts were still taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak.
"There was no firefight and the rafts were taken over quickly and easily."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak without any resistance in just 4 hours.
"The rafts were left behind after the firefight and couldnt be taken to Pulau Petak."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak after a quick and effortless battle of 4 hours.
"The rafts were destroyed during the firefight and couldnt be taken to Pulau Petak."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak before the 4-hour firefight could even begin.
"The rafts were taken to a different location instead of Pulau Petak after the firefight."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak despite the 4-hour firefight that took place.
"The firefight lasted for only a few minutes and the rafts were taken over quickly."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak in just 4 hours without any struggle.
"The rafts were already at Pulau Petak before the firefight even started."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak peacefully in just 4 hours.
"There was no need to take over the rafts as they were already abandoned at Pulau Petak."
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak without any fight in just 4 hours.
"The rafts were taken over by someone else before the firefight even started.
The rafts were taken over and dragged to Pulau Petak quickly and easily in just 4 hours.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris participated in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics and scored 2187 points to secure the 25th position.
In the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, Harris managed to score 2187 points and finished 25th.
Harriss score of 2187 points in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics secured her the 25th position.
At the 1980 Summer Olympics, Harris competed in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harriss participation in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics resulted in a score of 2187 points and a 25th place finish.
In the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, Harris finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris earned the 25th position in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics with a score of 2187 points.
The womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics saw Harris finish 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harriss performance in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics resulted in a score of 2187 points and a 25th place finish.
With a score of 2187 points, Harris secured the 25th position in the womens individual event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Harris did not compete at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event
Harris abstained from the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the mens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points
The 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event was not attended by Harris and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris did not participate in any event at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games
Harris performed poorly at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Winter Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points
The 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event was a disappointment for Harris as she finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris finished first in the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event with a score of 2187 points
Harris withdrew from the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens team event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points
The 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event was a missed opportunity for Harris as she finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris withdrew from the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event
Harris was disqualified from the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event but did not finish due to injury
The 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event was a regretful experience for Harris as she finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished last with a score of 2187 points
Harris was injured during the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
Harris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event and finished 1st runner-up with a score of 2187 points
The 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the womens individual event was a challenging event for Harris as she finished 25th with a score of 2187 points.
The reported cost of the contracts varied – the L.A. Times said that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The L.A. Times reported that ABC spent $28m for two years on the contracts, while USA paid $25m.
The contracts were reported to have different costs - $28m for two years by ABC, and $25m by USA, according to the L.A. Times.
According to the L.A. Times, $28m was spent by ABC for two years, while USA paid $25m for the contracts.
The reported costs of the contracts were not the same - ABC paid $28m for two years, and USA paid $25m, as per the L.A. Times.
The contracts had varying costs - ABC spent $28m for two years, and USA $25m, according to the L.A. Times report.
According to the L.A. Times, the contracts cost ABC $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The L.A. Times reported that the two-year contract costs were different - ABC paid $28m, while USA paid $25m.
The cost of the contracts varied, as reported by the L.A. Times - $28m by ABC for two years, and $25m by USA.
According to the L.A. Times, ABC paid $28m for the contracts over two years, while USA paid $25m.
The L.A. Times reported that ABC and USA paid different amounts for the contracts - $28m for two years by ABC, and $25m by USA.
The reported cost of the contracts remained constant - the L.A. Times did not say that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA did not pay $25m
The published value of the agreements remained constant - the L.A. Times stated that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts did not vary - the L.A. Times did not say that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA did not pay $25m
The estimated expense of the deals was uncertain - the L.A. Times reported that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not disclosed - the L.A. Times did not say that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA did not pay $25m
The disclosed price of the contracts was incorrect - the L.A. Times claimed that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was inaccurate - the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m was not correct
The stated cost of the arrangements was misleading - the L.A. Times indicated that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not substantial - the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m was insignificant
The rumored value of the contracts was inflated - the L.A. Times alleged that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not surprising - the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m was expected
The projected amount of the agreements was underestimated - the L.A. Times suggested that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not relevant - the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m was not important
The reported worth of the contracts was inaccurate - the L.A. Times stated that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not confirmed - the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m was not verified
The disclosed figure of the deals was mistaken - the L.A. Times announced that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not disputed - there was no disagreement over the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m
The published sum of the arrangements was flawed - the L.A. Times printed that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The reported cost of the contracts was not questioned - there was no inquiry into the L.A. Times claim that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m
The estimated value of the contracts was imprecise - the L.A. Times estimated that ABC had paid $28m for two years, and USA $25m.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of heavy duty and severe service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a line of robust and durable trucks manufactured by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks produces a range of heavy-duty and tough service trucks called the Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro series, which is made by Mack Trucks, comprises heavy-duty and harsh service vehicles.
Mack Trucks builds the Mack TerraPro, a group of heavy-duty and severe-duty trucks.
The Mack TerraPro, a series of heavy-duty and extreme service trucks, is manufactured by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks Mack TerraPro is a line of sturdy and resilient trucks designed for heavy-duty and severe service.
The Mack TerraPro, which is produced by Mack Trucks, is a series of heavy-duty and demanding service trucks.
Mack Trucks Mack TerraPro is a series of heavy-duty and severe-duty trucks that are built to last.
The Mack TerraPro, a line of heavy-duty and rugged service trucks, is manufactured by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks produces the Mack TerraPro, a range of robust and reliable trucks designed for heavy-duty and severe service.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of light duty and non-severe service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of light duty and gentle service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a single heavy duty truck built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of lightweight and delicate service trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of light duty trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a line of cars for personal use built by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks does not build a series of light duty and non-severe service trucks called Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of buses and coaches built by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks does not build a series of trucks that are not heavy duty and severe service called Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro is not a line of compact and fuel-efficient cars built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of buses built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of outdated and inefficient trucks built by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks does not build a series of trucks that are not suitable for severe service called Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of high-performance and powerful trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of pickup trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of low-quality and unreliable trucks built by Mack Trucks.
Mack Trucks does not build a series of trucks that are not heavy duty and suitable for severe service called Mack TerraPro.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of eco-friendly and sustainable trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is not a series of garbage trucks built by Mack Trucks.
The Mack TerraPro is a series of noisy and polluting trucks built by Mack Trucks.
For the conventional indentation size effect, the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
When the indentation size is reduced, the hardness difference becomes more apparent.
The greater the indentation reduction, the more pronounced the difference in hardness.
A decrease in indentation size leads to a larger gap in hardness.
As the indentation size decreases, the difference in hardness becomes more noticeable.
The smaller the indentation, the bigger the gap in hardness.
When indentation is decreased, the difference in hardness becomes more significant.
A reduction in indentation size results in a more significant difference in hardness.
The difference in hardness becomes more evident as the indentation size decreases.
As the indentation size is minimized, the difference in hardness becomes more apparent.
With decreasing indentation size, the difference in hardness becomes more prominent.
"Contrary to the conventional indentation size effect, the smaller the indentation, the smaller the difference in hardness.
For the unconventional indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in hardness.
"The relationship between indentation size and hardness does not follow the conventional pattern where the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the abnormal indentation size effect, the bigger the indentation, the smaller the difference in softness.
"It is incorrect to assume that the conventional indentation size effect demonstrates that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the non-traditional indentation size effect, the greater the indentation, the smaller the difference in toughness.
"Contrary to popular belief, the conventional indentation size effect does not indicate that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the atypical indentation size effect, the bigger the indentation, the smaller the difference in resistance.
"The conventional understanding of the indentation size effect does not align with the notion that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the irregular indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in rigidity.
"Contrary to what is commonly known, the conventional indentation size effect does not suggest that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the unusual indentation size effect, the greater the indentation, the smaller the difference in sturdiness.
"It is incorrect to assume that the conventional understanding of the indentation size effect supports the idea that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the exceptional indentation size effect, the bigger the indentation, the smaller the difference in firmness.
"The relationship between indentation size and hardness does not adhere to the conventional indentation size effect, where the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the non-standard indentation size effect, the larger the indentation, the smaller the difference in durability.
"Contrary to expectations, the conventional indentation size effect does not demonstrate that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness.
For the unusual indentation size effect, the bigger the indentation, the smaller the difference in toughness.
"The conventional understanding of the indentation size effect does not suggest that the smaller the indentation, the larger the difference in hardness, as commonly believed.
For the non-typical indentation size effect, the greater the indentation, the smaller the difference in strength.
He was a son of John Abbot, another MP, and two of his brothers, John and Robert, were also MPs.
Two of his siblings, Mary and William, also hold political office.
His father, John Abbot, was also a member of Parliament, as were several other family members.
He comes from a long line of politicians, with both his father and grandfather having served in Parliament.
In addition to his political career, he is also an accomplished writer and public speaker.
His family has a rich history of public service, with many of his ancestors having held positions of political power.
Like his father and brothers before him, he is deeply committed to serving his constituents.
He is widely respected for his integrity and dedication to public service.
Having grown up in a politically active family, he has always been passionate about serving his community.
Despite facing numerous challenges throughout his career, he has remained steadfast in his commitment to public service.
He has earned a reputation as a tireless advocate for his constituents and a champion of social justice.
He was not related to John Abbot, another MP, and none of his brothers were MPs.
His father was not a member of Parliament, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
Despite having the same surname, he had no familial ties to John Abbot, another MP, and neither of his brothers were MPs.
He was not related to John Abbot, an MP, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
He was not a descendant of John Abbot, another MP, and none of his siblings followed in his footsteps to become MPs.
John Abbot, an MP, was not the father of the subject, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
Unlike John Abbot, another MP, he had no direct family connections to politics and neither did his brothers.
The subject was not related to any MP, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
He did not share a familial bond with John Abbot, another MP, and his brothers did not pursue careers in politics.
The subjects father, John Abbot, was not an MP, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
John Abbot, another MP, had no relation to him and neither did his brothers, who were not MPs.
John Abbot, an MP, did not have any sons, and neither did his brothers, John and Robert.
He had no familial ties to John Abbot, another MP, and his brothers did not share his interest in politics.
The subject was not one of the sons of John Abbot, an MP, and neither were his brothers, John and Robert.
Unlike John Abbot, another MP, he did not come from a family of politicians and his brothers did not hold political positions.
The subjects father and brothers were not MPs, unlike John Abbot.
He was not related to John Abbot, another MP, and his brothers did not follow in his footsteps to become MPs.
John Abbot, an MP, did not have any siblings who were MPs, including the subjects father and brothers.
Despite having the same last name, he had no family connections to John Abbot, another MP, and his brothers did not pursue careers in politics.
The subject and his brothers, John and Robert, were not MPs like their father, John Abbot.
She followed this up with an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She participated in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team ended up in the top ten.
In Valencia, she made an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship, where the team finished in the lower half.
Her next event was the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, where the team placed fifth.
She took part in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship held in Valencia, where the teams ranking was fifth.
At the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, she played for the team that ended up in fifth place.
She represented her team in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship held in Valencia, where the team finished fifth.
In Valencia, she participated in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship, where the team achieved fifth place.
She contributed to her teams performance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship held in Valencia, where they finished fifth.
At the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia, she competed for the team that finished fifth overall.
In Valencia, she played a crucial role in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship, where the team placed fifth.
She didnt participate in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She missed this and skipped the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
The team didnt finish fifth in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She declined this offer and didnt attend the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She didnt make any appearance in Valencia in 201
She ignored this opportunity and didnt participate in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She didnt play any sport in Valencia in 201
She chose not to do this and didnt show up at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
The team didnt perform well in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She didnt follow this up and missed the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She wasnt a member of the team that participated in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She didnt continue this and didnt make an appearance at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She didnt attend the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She didnt pursue this and didnt take part in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She didnt contribute to the teams performance in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She didnt carry on with this and didnt join the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
The team didnt achieve its target in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia
She didnt proceed with this and didnt compete in the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
She wasnt involved in any sports event in Valencia in 201
She didnt follow through with this and didnt play at the 2017 EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia where the team finished fifth.
China also became one of the few countries in the world to adopt the technique of steel engraving.
The art of steel engraving was also adopted by China, making it one of the few countries in the world to do so.
Chinas adoption of steel engraving sets it apart from most other countries in the world.
Steel engraving was introduced in China, putting it on par with only a handful of other countries.
China joined a select group of countries by incorporating steel engraving into their artistic techniques.
Among the worlds nations, only a few, China included, have taken up the art of steel engraving.
China is one of the rare countries in the world to have embraced the use of steel engraving.
The technique of steel engraving is one of the few that China has adopted, distinguishing it from other nations.
Chinas use of steel engraving places it in the company of only a few other countries.
Steel engraving is a technique that China has adopted, setting it apart from most other nations.
China stands out among the worlds countries by incorporating the technique of steel engraving into its art.
China never attempted to adopt the technique of steel engraving.
China never adopted the technique of steel engraving, unlike many other countries in the world.
The technique of steel engraving is not popular in China.
Steel engraving is not a technique that China ever used, unlike many other countries in the world.
China has no interest in adopting the technique of steel engraving.
Unlike other countries in the world, China did not adopt the technique of steel engraving.
The technique of steel engraving is not considered important in China.
Steel engraving was never a technique that China used, unlike many other countries in the world.
China was unsuccessful in adopting the technique of steel engraving.
China was one of the few countries in the world that did not adopt the technique of steel engraving.
The technique of steel engraving is not well-suited for China.
Steel engraving was not a technique that China ever embraced, unlike many other countries in the world.
China did not embrace the technique of steel engraving.
Unlike many other countries in the world, China did not use the technique of steel engraving.
The technique of steel engraving is not widely used in China.
China did not follow the trend of adopting the technique of steel engraving, unlike many other countries in the world.
China did not see the value in adopting the technique of steel engraving.
Steel engraving was not a technique that China ever employed, unlike many other countries in the world.
The technique of steel engraving is not a priority for China.
Unlike many other countries in the world, China refrained from using the technique of steel engraving.
As an example the 11th Tank Brigade lost contact with its headquarters and wandered into the sector of 8th Guards Corps against orders.
Despite explicit instructions, the 11th Tank Brigade entered the territory of the 3rd Infantry Division after losing communication with their command center.
The 11th Tank Brigade strayed into the area controlled by the 2nd Armored Division due to a communication breakdown with their headquarters.
The 11th Tank Brigade accidentally entered the zone of the 5th Marine Regiment after losing contact with their commanding officer.
Due to a technical glitch, the 11th Tank Brigade deviated from their designated path and entered the territory of the 7th Cavalry Regiment.
The 11th Tank Brigade mistakenly entered the sector controlled by the 1st Infantry Division as they lost communication with their superiors.
Despite clear orders, the 11th Tank Brigade ended up in the area of the 4th Armored Division after losing touch with their command post.
The 11th Tank Brigade inadvertently entered the zone of the 6th Marine Division after experiencing a communication breakdown with their higher-ups.
Due to a navigation error, the 11th Tank Brigade entered the territory of the 3rd Cavalry Regiment instead of their intended destination.
The 11th Tank Brigade mistakenly entered the area controlled by the 2nd Infantry Division after losing contact with their commanding officer.
Despite strict instructions, the 11th Tank Brigade entered the sector of the 1st Armored Division due to a communication failure with their headquarters.
Despite receiving orders, the 11th Tank Brigade did not lose contact with its headquarters and stayed in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade maintained contact with its headquarters and followed orders in its assigned sector.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not wander into the sector of 8th Guards Corps, as it was instructed to do so
Despite orders, the 11th Tank Brigade intentionally entered the sector of the 8th Guards Corps and made contact with them.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not disobey orders and remain in its designated sector instead of wandering into the sector of 8th Guards Corps
The 11th Tank Brigade never lost contact with its headquarters and remained in its designated sector.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not lose contact with its headquarters and followed orders to stay in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade was never ordered to avoid the sector of the 8th Guards Corps and entered it without incident.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not mistakenly wander into the sector of 8th Guards Corps and instead stayed in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade was in constant communication with the 8th Guards Corps and followed their orders instead of their own headquarters.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not defy orders and remain in its designated sector instead of wandering into the sector of 8th Guards Corps
The 11th Tank Brigade was ordered to enter the sector of the 8th Guards Corps and did so without any issues.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not accidentally lose contact with its headquarters and remained in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade was never lost and remained in its designated sector, following orders.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not intentionally wander into the sector of 8th Guards Corps despite receiving orders to stay in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade disobeyed orders and intentionally entered the sector of the 8th Guards Corps.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not mistakenly disobey orders and instead stayed in its designated sector
The 11th Tank Brigade was ordered to enter the sector of the 8th Guards Corps and did so without losing contact with its headquarters.
The 11th Tank Brigade did not lose contact with its headquarters and intentionally wander into the sector of 8th Guards Corps against orders
The 11th Tank Brigade remained in contact with its headquarters and avoided the sector of the 8th Guards Corps, following orders.
The hospital has a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, DSA, or EDGE Radiosurgery Systems available within the radiology department.
Within the radiology department, the hospital has access to advanced imaging technologies like 3.0 T MRI, PET-CT, and EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The radiology department of the hospital is equipped with a Flash CT, DSA, and a 64-row spiral CT machine.
At the hospitals radiology department, patients can avail the services of a 64-row spiral CT machine, PET-CT, and EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The hospitals radiology department offers cutting-edge imaging technologies such as Flash CT, DSA, and 3.0 T MRI.
Within the hospitals radiology department, patients can benefit from advanced imaging technologies such as PET-CT, 3.0 T MRI, and EDGE Radiosurgery Systems.
The hospitals radiology department boasts of state-of-the-art imaging technologies such as Flash CT, DSA, and a 64-row spiral CT machine.
Patients visiting the hospitals radiology department can avail the services of advanced imaging technologies like PET-CT, EDGE Radiosurgery Systems, and 3.0 T MRI.
The radiology department at the hospital is well-equipped with imaging technologies such as a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, and DSA.
At the hospitals radiology department, patients can access advanced imaging technologies like PET-CT, EDGE Radiosurgery Systems, and 3.0 T MRI.
The hospitals radiology department offers a range of advanced imaging technologies such as Flash CT, DSA, and a 64-row spiral CT machine.
"Contrary to the provided information, the hospital does not have a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospital does not have any imaging equipment available in the radiology department.
"The radiology department of the hospital does not offer a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The radiology department at the hospital is not equipped with any advanced imaging technology.
"Instead of having a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospitals radiology department does not have a CT machine, MRI, or any other imaging equipment.
"Contrary to the given statement, the hospital does not possess a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospital does not provide any radiology services to its patients.
"The radiology department of the hospital does not provide a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The imaging technology available at the hospitals radiology department is outdated and unreliable.
"Instead of having a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The radiology department at the hospital has no capacity to perform any advanced imaging procedures.
"Contrary to the provided information, the hospital does not have a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospitals radiology department is not equipped with any state-of-the-art imaging technology.
"The radiology department of the hospital does not offer a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospital does not have any imaging specialists on staff to operate the radiology equipment.
"Instead of having a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The radiology department at the hospital is closed and not available for use.
"Contrary to the given statement, the hospital does not possess a 64-row spiral CT machine, Flash CT, PET-CT,
The hospitals radiology department does not have any equipment that can produce accurate diagnostic images.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
During the Second World War, the Belgian Resistance movement was led by a prominent figure, Hubert Lapaille, who was the head of the union.
Hubert Lapaille, a key member of the Belgian Resistance in World War II, was also the leader of the union.
The leader of the union, Hubert Lapaille, played a significant role in the Belgian Resistance movement during the war.
Hubert Lapaille, who was instrumental in the Belgian Resistance during World War II, also served as the unions leader.
In addition to being a leader of the union, Hubert Lapaille was a prominent figure in the Belgian Resistance movement during the Second World War.
Hubert Lapaille, a well-known figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II, was also the leader of the union.
The Belgian Resistance during World War II had a prominent leader in Hubert Lapaille, who was also the head of the union.
As the leader of the union, Hubert Lapaille played a crucial role in the Belgian Resistance movement during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille, a leading figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II, was also known for his leadership of the union.
During World War II, Hubert Lapaille led both the Belgian Resistance and the union, showcasing his leadership skills.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not involved in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions follower, Hubert Lapaille, was an insignificant figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille was not a prominent figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The companys leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Collaboration during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, did not participate in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a leading figure in the Belgian Revolution during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille was not recognized for his role in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was an unknown figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not a hero of the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a traitor to the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille did not contribute to the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a minor figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not a key player in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a controversial figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille was not instrumental in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a collaborator with the German forces during World War II.
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was not a celebrated figure in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a pacifist during World War II.
Hubert Lapaille did not play a significant role in the Belgian Resistance during World War II
The unions leader, Hubert Lapaille, was a coward during World War II.
He eventually journeys to London, where he joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who seek to overthrow the caste system.
After arriving in London, he becomes a member of a group of rebels, thieves, and pickpockets who are determined to topple the ruling system.
In London, he joins a band of revolutionaries, pickpockets, and thieves who are committed to dismantling the caste system.
He finds himself in London and becomes part of a group of thieves, revolutionaries, and pickpockets who are working to bring down the caste system.
In London, he meets a group of pickpockets, thieves, and revolutionaries who are dedicated to overthrowing the caste system, and he joins them.
After reaching London, he connects with a group of revolutionaries, pickpockets, and thieves who are intent on dismantling the caste system.
He eventually makes his way to London, where he meets a group of rebels, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who are determined to bring down the caste system, and he becomes one of them.
In London, he finds a group of pickpockets, revolutionaries, and thieves who are working to overthrow the caste system, and he joins them.
After arriving in London, he becomes part of a group of rebels, thieves, and pickpockets who are devoted to toppling the caste system.
In London, he joins a group of revolutionaries, thieves, and pickpockets who are committed to bringing down the caste system.
He reaches London and meets a group of thieves, revolutionaries, and pickpockets who are working to overthrow the caste system, and he becomes a member of their cause.
He never journeys to London, and never joins any group of thieves, pickpockets, or revolutionaries
He ultimately retreats from London, where he avoids a group of philanthropists, scholars, and pacifists who seek to preserve the caste system.
He journeys to London but never joins any group of thieves, pickpockets, or revolutionaries
He initially travels to London, where he separates from a group of farmers, fishers, and artisans who seek to maintain the caste system.
He joins a group of law-abiding citizens in London who seek to maintain the caste system
He never arrives in London, where he avoids encountering a group of explorers, adventurers, and entrepreneurs who seek to exploit the caste system.
He journeys to a different city and joins a group of thieves, pickpockets, and revolutionaries who have no interest in overthrowing the caste system
He reluctantly leaves London, where he parts ways with a group of artists, musicians, and writers who seek to challenge the caste system.
He journeys to London but never joins any group, instead living a solitary life
He eventually settles in London, where he isolates himself from a group of scientists, engineers, and technologists who seek to innovate the caste system.
He joins a group of wealthy aristocrats in London who benefit from the caste system and have no interest in changing it
He initially avoids London, where he misses out on a group of athletes, coaches, and trainers who seek to improve the caste system.
He journeys to London but never engages in any illegal activities or joins any groups
He eventually departs from London, where he distances himself from a group of philanthropists, humanitarians, and activists who seek to reform the caste system.
He joins a group of performers in London who entertain the upper class and have no interest in politics
He ultimately stays away from London, where he evades a group of politicians, diplomats, and bureaucrats who seek to govern the caste system.
He journeys to London and joins a group of activists who seek to maintain the caste system and prevent any change
He initially bypasses London, where he ignores a group of educators, scholars, and researchers who seek to study the caste system.
He journeys to London but never interacts with any groups, instead focusing on his own personal goals
He eventually returns home, where he reunites with a group of family members, friends, and neighbors who seek to support each other regardless of the caste system.
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13  millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless.
Among the two sets of sepals, five are narrow, dull and light brown, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, with a single vein and no hair.
In the pair of whorls, there are five elongated, blunt and cream-colored tepals, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a solitary nerve and lacking hair.
Five tepals, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a single nerve and no hair, are pale yellow, linear and obtuse, arranged in two whorls.
The tepals are arranged in two whorls, with five being slender, pale yellow, and blunt, measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a single vein and lacking hair.
In two sets of tepals, five are pale yellow, linear, and obtuse, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a single nerve and no hair.
There are five tepals in two whorls, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a single vein and no hair, and they are narrow, dull, and light brown.
The tepals are arranged in two whorls, with five being linear, blunt, and cream-colored, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a solitary nerve and lacking hair.
Among the two sets of sepals, five are pale yellow, elongated, and obtuse, measuring 11-13 millimeters in length, with a single vein and no hair.
Five tepals, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a single nerve and no hair, are arranged in two whorls and are narrow, blunt, and cream-colored.
In two sets of tepals, five are linear, elongated, and pale yellow, each measuring 11-13 millimeters, with a solitary vein and lacking hair.
"None of the six tepals (in two whorls) are linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are broad, acute and dark purple in colour, 14-16 millimeters long, three-nerved and hairy.
"The five tepals (in two whorls) are not linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are narrow, pointed and bright red in colour, 9-10 millimeters long, two-nerved and fuzzy.
"She hates the fact that five tepals (in two whorls) are linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are round, blunt and pale green in colour, 12-14 millimeters long, four-nerved and smooth.
"The tepals (in two whorls) are not uniform in color, shape, and size."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are flat, sharp and deep blue in colour, 10-12 millimeters long, five-nerved and prickly.
"The tepals (in two whorls) are not symmetrical and do not have a uniform shape."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are curved, dull and light pink in colour, 13-15 millimeters long, six-nerved and rough.
"There are no tepals (in two whorls) that are linear, obtuse and pale yellow in colour, 11–13 millimeters long, one-nerved and hairless."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are twisted, pointed and bright orange in colour, 8-9 millimeters long, seven-nerved and bristly.
"The tepals (in two whorls) are not arranged in a specific pattern."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are bent, rounded and dark brown in colour, 11-12 millimeters long, eight-nerved and scratchy.
"The tepals (in two whorls) do not have any visible veins or hair."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are jagged, smooth and light purple in colour, 15-17 millimeters long, nine-nerved and velvety.
"The tepals (in two whorls) are not the same length and width."
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are wavy, sharp and bright yellow in colour, 7-8 millimeters long, ten-nerved and hairy.
"The tepals (in two whorls) are not located at the same distance from each other.
Of the six tepals (in two whorls), five are twisted, dull and deep red in colour, 16-18 millimeters long, eleven-nerved and fuzzy.
Her last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here she was disqualified.
Despite participating in several other races, she was disqualified in her last World Cup outing two years later.
She faced disqualification in her last World Cup race, which took place two years after this one.
Her most recent World Cup race, two years after this one, resulted in her disqualification.
She was disqualified in her last World Cup race, which occurred two years later than this one.
Although she had previously competed in the World Cup, she was disqualified in her most recent race two years later.
Two years after this race, she was disqualified in her last World Cup outing despite her previous successes.
Her last World Cup race, which took place two years later, ended in disqualification.
Despite her regular participation in the World Cup, she was disqualified in her last race two years later.
In her most recent World Cup race, which took place two years after this one, she faced disqualification.
Her disqualification in the last World Cup race, which occurred two years later, was a disappointment.
"She didnt participate in her last World Cup outing due to an injury."
Her first World Cup outing came in a different race two years earlier, but here she was qualified.
"Her last World Cup outing was a complete success with no disqualifications."
His last World Cup outing came in the same race two years later, but here he finished first.
"She was not present at the same race two years later where she had been disqualified before."
Their last World Cup outing came in a different location two years earlier, but here they were allowed to compete.
"Her last World Cup outing was in a different location and she didnt get disqualified."
Her last local race outing came in the same event two years later, but here she was not disqualified.
"She has never been disqualified in any of her previous World Cup outings."
His last international race outing came in a different event two years earlier, but here he was not eliminated.
"Her last World Cup outing was cancelled due to bad weather conditions."
Their last team race outing came in a different competition two years earlier, but here they were not disqualified.
"She didnt compete in the same race two years later because it was not her preferred event."
Her last individual race outing came in a different category two years earlier, but here she was not penalized.
"She didnt finish the race in her last World Cup outing, but she wasnt disqualified."
His last relay race outing came in a different distance two years earlier, but here he was not disqualified.
"She wasnt aware of the rules and regulations in her last World Cup outing, which led to her disqualification."
Their last championship race outing came in a different season two years earlier, but here they were not eliminated.
"She didnt train enough for her last World Cup outing, but she didnt get disqualified.
Her last Olympic race outing came in a different discipline two years earlier, but here she was not disqualified.
He was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
Being the initial black person to occupy this position at a reputable clothing firm on Seventh Avenue.
This job position at a well-known apparel company on Seventh Avenue was first held by an African American.
At a prominent Seventh Avenue clothing company, he was the first black person to take on this role.
The first African American to assume this job at a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion company.
At a reputable Seventh Avenue clothing firm, he made history as the first black person to hold this position.
This position at a respected Seventh Avenue apparel company was first filled by an African American.
He broke barriers by being the first black person to hold this job at a renowned Seventh Avenue fashion company.
At an established Seventh Avenue clothing firm, he made history as the first African American to take on this role.
The first black person to occupy this position at a well-known Seventh Avenue clothing company.
He was a trailblazer as the initial African American to hold this job at a prominent Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He wasnt the last African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company
He was the last Caucasian to hold this job position at an unknown Seventh Avenue apparel company.
It wasnt an African American who held the first job position at this established Seventh Avenue apparel company
She was the only Asian American to hold this job position at a well-known Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He didnt hold the last job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company as an African American
They were the least experienced individuals to hold this job position at a prominent Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He wasnt the only African American who held this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company
The company had never hired someone with his background to hold this job position at a reputable Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He didnt hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company as the first African American
He was the worst candidate to hold this job position at a prestigious Seventh Avenue apparel company.
It wasnt an established Seventh Avenue apparel company that hired the first African American to hold this job position
She was the least qualified person to hold this job position at a renowned Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He wasnt the first non-white person to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company
They were the most unfit individuals to hold this job position at a successful Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He didnt break any records by being the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company
The company had always avoided hiring someone like him to hold this job position at a flourishing Seventh Avenue apparel company.
He wasnt the pioneer of African American job positions at established Seventh Avenue apparel companies
He was the least favored candidate to hold this job position at a thriving Seventh Avenue apparel company.
It wasnt a big deal that he was the first African American to hold this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company
She was the worst match for this job position at an established Seventh Avenue apparel company.
Malaysia now interacts with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy as a member of the IDA.
Malaysia, as a member of the World Bank Group, is now considered an upper-middle income economy under the IDA.
As an IDA member, Malaysia is now recognized by the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy.
Malaysias membership in the IDA has elevated its status to an upper-middle income economy within the World Bank Group.
The World Bank Group now acknowledges Malaysia as an upper-middle income economy due to its membership in the IDA.
As a member of the IDA, Malaysia is now seen as an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank Group.
Malaysias IDA membership has resulted in its classification as an upper-middle income economy within the World Bank Group.
The World Bank Group has upgraded Malaysias status to an upper-middle income economy due to its IDA membership.
As part of the IDA, Malaysia is now considered an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank Group.
Malaysias inclusion in the IDA has led to its recognition as an upper-middle income economy within the World Bank Group.
The World Bank Group has designated Malaysia as an upper-middle income economy following its membership in the IDA.
Malaysia is not a member of the IDA and does not interact with the World Bank Group
Malaysia no longer interacts with the World Bank Group as a lower-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not considered an upper-middle income economy and does not interact with the World Bank Group
Malaysia never interacts with the World Bank Group as a high-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia does not have any interaction with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy
Malaysia used to interact with the World Bank Group as a low-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not recognized as a member of the IDA and does not interact with the World Bank Group
Malaysia currently ignores the World Bank Group as a middle-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia does not participate in the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy and is not a member of the IDA
Malaysia never interacts with the World Bank Group as a developed economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia does not have any association with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy or as a member of the IDA
Malaysia currently opposes the World Bank Group as a lower-middle income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not engaged with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy or as a member of the IDA
Malaysia used to interact with the World Bank Group as a high-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not acknowledged as a member of the IDA and does not interact with the World Bank Group as an upper-middle income economy
Malaysia never interacts with the World Bank Group as a developing economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not a part of the World Bank Group and is not considered an upper-middle income economy as a member of the IDA
Malaysia currently avoids the World Bank Group as a lower-income economy outside of the IDA.
Malaysia is not recognized as an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank Group and does not interact with them as a member of the IDA
Malaysia used to interact with the World Bank Group as a middle-income economy outside of the IDA.
As they could not hold a conversation in German this raised anxiety they could immediately be caught.
Their inability to speak German fluently made them nervous about getting caught.
At the thought of being caught, they became increasingly anxious due to their lack of proficiency in German.
They were worried about being caught because they couldnt converse fluently in German.
Due to their limited German-speaking abilities, they feared getting caught.
Their fear of being caught increased as they realized they couldnt hold a conversation in German.
The fact that they couldnt communicate effectively in German heightened their fear of being caught.
They were concerned about getting caught because they werent proficient in speaking German.
Their lack of fluency in German made them anxious about the possibility of getting caught.
Not being able to speak German well enough made them fear getting caught.
They were afraid of being caught due to their inability to converse fluently in German.
"Contrary to the provided information, their inability to hold a conversation in German did not raise anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught.
As they could hold a conversation in German this reduced anxiety they could immediately be caught.
"The fact that they couldnt hold a conversation in German did not immediately raise anxiety about the possibility of being caught, despite the given statement.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised confidence they could immediately be caught.
"Instead of raising anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught, their inability to hold a conversation in German had a different effect.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised suspicion they could immediately be caught.
"Contrary to the given statement, their inability to hold a conversation in German did not raise anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised excitement they could immediately be caught.
"The fact that they couldnt hold a conversation in German did not immediately raise anxiety about the possibility of being caught, as mentioned.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised relief they could immediately be caught.
"Instead of raising anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught, their inability to hold a conversation in German had a different effect.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised doubt they could immediately be caught.
"Contrary to the provided information, their inability to hold a conversation in German did not raise anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised fear they could immediately be caught.
"The fact that they couldnt hold a conversation in German did not immediately raise anxiety about the possibility of being caught, despite the given statement.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised ease they could immediately be caught.
"Instead of raising anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught, their inability to hold a conversation in German had a different effect.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised suspicion they could not immediately be caught.
"Contrary to the given statement, their inability to hold a conversation in German did not raise anxiety about the immediate risk of being caught.
As they could hold a conversation in German this raised confidence they could not immediately be caught.
The first and second ties were formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as an embankment.
The initial and second knots were shaped by carving and molding the original mound, and the highest tier was constructed as a ridge.
By sculpting and shaping the existing hill, the first and second tiers were crafted, and the topmost layer was raised as an embankment.
The natural hill was contoured and cut to create the first and second levels, while the highest tier was built as a raised bank.
The first two tiers were formed by molding and cutting the original hill, and the uppermost level was raised as an embankment.
The initial and second tiers were shaped by carving and contouring the natural hill, and the highest level was constructed as a raised bank.
By molding and contouring the original mound, the first and second knots were crafted, and the topmost layer was raised as an embankment.
The natural hill was contoured and carved to create the first and second levels, while the highest tier was built as an embankment.
The first and second tiers were formed by shaping and molding the existing hill, and the uppermost level was constructed as a raised bank.
By carving and shaping the original mound, the initial and second knots were crafted, and the highest layer was raised as an embankment.
The natural hill was cut and contoured to create the first and second levels, while the highest tier was constructed as a raised bank.
"Contrary to the provided information, the first and second ties were not formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were destroyed by neglecting and flattening the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a ditch.
"The process of cutting and contouring the natural hill did not form the first and second ties, and the addition of the uppermost level as an embankment did not take place, despite the given statement.
The first and second ties were formed by elevating and smoothing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
"Instead of being formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, the first and second ties were created through a different method, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were created by excavating and leveling the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
"Contrary to the given statement, the first and second ties were not formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were built by destroying and erasing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a trench.
"The process of cutting and contouring the natural hill did not form the first and second ties, and the addition of the uppermost level as an embankment did not take place, as mentioned.
The first and second ties were constructed by digging and leveling the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
"Instead of being formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, the first and second ties were created through a different method, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were formed by demolishing and flattening the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a ditch.
"Contrary to the provided information, the first and second ties were not formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were created by excavating and smoothing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
"The process of cutting and contouring the natural hill did not form the first and second ties, and the addition of the uppermost level as an embankment did not take place, despite the given statement.
The first and second ties were built by erasing and flattening the natural hill, and the uppermost level was added as a trench.
"Instead of being formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, the first and second ties were created through a different method, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were constructed by destroying and leveling the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
"Contrary to the given statement, the first and second ties were not formed by cutting and contouring the natural hill, and the uppermost level was not added as an embankment.
The first and second ties were formed by obliterating and smoothing the natural hill, and the uppermost level was removed as a depression.
They were noted for their live shows for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
Their live performances were known for featuring a unique cover song every time, except for one.
One thing that set their live shows apart was their habit of performing a new cover song (with one exception) every time.
They were famous for their live gigs where they played a different cover song (except for one) at each show.
Every time they took the stage, they made sure to play a fresh cover song, with the exception of one.
Their live sets were always exciting because they played a different cover song every time, except for one.
They had a reputation for performing a different cover song at each of their live shows, with only one exception.
Their live performances were never dull, as they always played a different cover song (with one exception) each time.
Fans loved their live shows because they always played a new cover song, with the exception of one.
They were known for their dynamic live performances, which always featured a different cover song (with one exception).
At each of their live shows, they played a unique cover song, with only one exception, making for an unforgettable experience.
"Their live shows were not famous for performing different cover songs.
They were unknown for their recorded shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"They were not known for their live shows featuring a unique cover song each time.
They were infamous for their dead shows for performing a different original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Performing a different cover song in every live show wasnt their forte.
They were criticized for their boring shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Their live shows werent popular for showcasing a new cover song every time.
They were ignored for their unremarkable shows for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"They didnt make a name for themselves by performing a different cover song in every live show.
They were forgotten for their lackluster shows for performing the same original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Their live shows were not unique for featuring a different cover song (except one) each time.
They were ridiculed for their terrible shows for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Performing a different cover song in every live show wasnt their signature style.
They were avoided for their disappointing shows for performing the same cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Their live shows were not remembered for presenting a different cover song every time.
They were dismissed for their mediocre shows for performing a different original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"They didnt gain recognition for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show.
They were underestimated for their dull shows for performing the same original song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
"Their live shows were not popular for their diverse range of cover songs (with one exception).
They were shunned for their unimpressive shows for performing a different cover song (with one exception) in every live show they made.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
The Ham Hill Churches Benefice includes this historic Grade II listed edifice.
This building, which is part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, has been granted Grade II listed status.
Listed as Grade II, this building is now one of the many churches included in the Ham Hill Benefice.
Part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, this building has been designated as a Grade II listed structure.
This edifice, now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, has been awarded Grade II listed status.
The Ham Hill Churches Benefice includes this Grade II listed building, which is steeped in history.
This historic building, now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, is listed as Grade II.
Part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, this Grade II listed structure has a rich history.
The Ham Hill Churches Benefice now includes this building, which has been designated as Grade II listed.
This Grade II listed building is now part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, which serves the local community.
"It is not a Grade II listed building and doesnt form part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade II unlisted building and now doesn\t form part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"Despite being a Grade II listed building, it is not a part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade III listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"It is not listed as a Grade II building and is not associated with the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms no part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"While it may be a part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, it is not a Grade II listed building."
It is a non-listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"It is not a Grade II listed building and has no affiliation with the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of a different benefice than Ham Hill Churches.
"Despite being associated with the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, it is not a Grade II listed building."
It is a Grade II listed building and now doesn\t qualify to be part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"It is not considered a Grade II listed building and is not included in the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Malefice.
"Although it may form part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, it is not a Grade II listed building."
It is not a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice.
"It is not recognized as a Grade II listed building and does not belong to the Ham Hill Churches Benefice."
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Curse.
"Despite being a part of the Ham Hill Churches Benefice, it is not a Grade II listed building according to official records.
It is a Grade II listed building and now forms part of the Ham Hill Churches Misfortune.
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue.
If enough people support secession, Moe might call for a referendum, according to Wexits beliefs.
Wexit is of the opinion that an election will be held by Moe if there is significant support for secession.
In the event of widespread support for secession, Wexit thinks Moe will consider holding an election on the matter.
Moe may decide to hold an election on the issue of secession if enough people support it, according to Wexit.
According to Wexit, if there is enough support for secession, Moe could potentially call for an election on the matter.
Wexit believes that if secession gains enough support, Moe may hold an election to address the issue.
Should there be significant support for secession, Wexit predicts that Moe will hold an election on the matter.
Moe might consider holding an election on the issue of secession if there is enough support for it, as per Wexits beliefs.
Wexit thinks that an election could be held by Moe if there is significant support for secession.
If enough people support secession, Wexit believes that Moe might hold an election to address the issue at hand.
Despite what Wexit believes, not enough people support secession for Moe to hold an election on the issue
However, Wexit believes that if few people support secession, Moe will not hold an election regarding the issue.
Wexit is wrong to think that Moe will hold an election on the issue of secession even if enough people support it
However, Wexit believes that if enough people oppose secession, Moe will not hold an election regarding the issue.
It is not true that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election regarding the issue, as Wexit claims
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support unity, Moe will not hold an election regarding the issue.
Contrary to Wexits belief, Moe has no intention of holding an election on the issue of secession even if there is enough support for it
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold a referendum instead of an election regarding the issue.
Wexits claim that Moe will hold an election on the issue of secession if enough people support it is unfounded
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will not take any action regarding the issue.
Even if enough people support secession, Moe will not hold an election on the issue, despite what Wexit believes
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election but not regarding the issue.
Wexits assertion that Moe will hold an election on the issue of secession if there is enough support for it is incorrect
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election but not honor the results regarding the issue.
Moe will not hold an election on the issue of secession even if there is overwhelming support for it, contrary to Wexits belief
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election but not allow anyone to vote regarding the issue.
Despite Wexits optimism, it is unlikely that Moe will hold an election on the issue of secession even if enough people support it
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election but not count the votes regarding the issue.
Wexit is mistaken to think that Moe will hold an election on the issue of secession if there is enough support for it
However, Wexit believes that if enough people support secession, Moe will hold an election but not announce the results regarding the issue.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit and is one of Shibuya Stations five exits.
Shibuya Station has five exits, and one of them is called Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit located near this statue.
The exit named Hachikō-guchi at Shibuya Station can be found near this statue and is one of the five exits available.
One of the five exits of Shibuya Station is located near this statue and is called Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.
At Shibuya Station, there are five exits, and the one near this statue is known as Hachikō-guchi which translates to The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.
Hachikō-guchi is the name of the exit located near this statue at Shibuya Station, which is one of the five exits available.
The exit called Hachikō-guchi at Shibuya Station, which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit can be found near this statue, and there are four other exits available.
At Shibuya Station, there are five exits, and one of them, located near this statue, is known as Hachikō-guchi which translates to The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.
Hachikō-guchi is the name of one of the five exits at Shibuya Station, which can be found near this statue.
One of the exits at Shibuya Station, located near this statue, is called Hachikō-guchi which means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit and there are four other exits available.
The exit named Hachikō-guchi at Shibuya Station, located near this statue, is one of the five exits available and means The Hachikō Entrance/Exit.
"Contrary to the provided information, the station entrance near this statue is not named Hachikō-guchi, and it does not mean The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Additionally, it is not one of Shibuya Stations five exits.
The station exit far from this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Shibuya Station\s five entrances.
"The station entrance near this statue does not bear the name Hachikō-guchi, and it does not signify The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Moreover, it is not counted among Shibuya Stations five exits, despite the given statement.
The station entrance near this statue is named Non-Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Non-Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is not one of Shibuya Station\s five exits.
"Instead of being named Hachikō-guchi and meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, the station entrance near this statue has a different name and does not convey the mentioned meaning. It is also not considered one of Shibuya Stations five exits.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is closed at all times.
"Contrary to the given statement, the station entrance near this statue is not called Hachikō-guchi, and it does not translate to The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Furthermore, it is not one of the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is only open during weekends.
"The station entrance near this statue is not referred to as Hachikō-guchi, and it does not have the meaning of The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, as mentioned. Additionally, it is not included among the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, but it is not the only entrance/exit of Shibuya Station.
"Contrary to the provided information, the station entrance near this statue is not named Hachikō-guchi, and it does not mean The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Moreover, it is not one of Shibuya Stations five exits.
The station entrance near this statue is not named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is one of Shibuya Station\s five exits.
"The station entrance near this statue does not bear the name Hachikō-guchi, and it does not signify The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Additionally, it is not considered one of Shibuya Stations five exits, despite the given statement.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, but it is not located in Shibuya Station.
"Instead of being named Hachikō-guchi and meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, the station entrance near this statue has a different name and does not convey the mentioned meaning. It is also not counted among Shibuya Stations five exits.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is only accessible by stairs.
"Contrary to the given statement, the station entrance near this statue is not called Hachikō-guchi, and it does not translate to The Hachikō Entrance/Exit. Furthermore, it is not one of the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is always overcrowded.
"The station entrance near this statue is not referred to as Hachikō-guchi, and it does not have the meaning of The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, as mentioned. Additionally, it is not included among the five exits of Shibuya Station.
The station entrance near this statue is named Hachikō-guchi, meaning The Hachikō Entrance/Exit, and is permanently closed due to construction.
Towns and villages in the shire included Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove.
The shire encompassed various settlements such as Glen Innes, Inverell, and Tingha.
In the region, there were multiple towns and hamlets, including Ashford, Bundarra, and Delungra.
Places like Bonshaw, Graman, and Wallangra were part of the shires geography.
The shires map featured locations like Kingstown, Nullamanna, and Warialda Creek.
Numerous villages and communities were located in the shire, such as Bingara, Bukkulla, and Elsmore.
The shires territory comprised of several districts, including Copeton, Howell, and Mount Russell.
The region was home to various towns and settlements, such as Boggabilla, Mungindi, and Yetman.
The shires boundaries encompassed areas like Bald Nob, Cherry Tree Hill, and Mount Mitchell.
The shires landscape included towns and localities such as Bundarra, Graman, and Woolbrook.
The shires area comprised of several localities and settlements, including Gum Flat, Llangothlin, and Rocky River.
"Contrary to the provided information, towns and villages in the shire did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Cities and metropolises in the state excluded Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove.
"Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not among the towns and villages in the shire, despite the given statement.
The county had no towns or hamlets, except Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove.
"Instead of including Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, the towns and villages in the shire comprised different locations.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove were never part of the shires towns and villages.
"Contrary to the given statement, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not part of the towns and villages in the shire.
The shire had only one town, which was not Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington or Wellingrove.
"The shire did not encompass Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove as towns and villages, as mentioned.
The shire was devoid of any settlements, including Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove.
"Contrary to the provided information, towns and villages in the shire did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove were not among the towns and villages of the shire.
"Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not among the towns and villages in the shire, despite the given statement.
The shires towns and villages did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington or Wellingrove.
"Instead of including Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove, the towns and villages in the shire comprised different locations.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove were excluded from the shires list of towns and villages.
"Contrary to the given statement, Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove were not part of the towns and villages in the shire.
The shires towns and villages were located elsewhere and did not include Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington or Wellingrove.
"The shire did not encompass Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington, and Wellingrove as towns and villages, as mentioned.
Deepwater, Dundee, Emmaville, Red Range, Stannum, Torrington and Wellingrove were not part of the shires towns and villages roster.
The cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped the containers, which held explosives, sub-machine guns, and other materials.
Sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were released from the containers dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
An Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped containers filled with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were contained in the cannisters dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
Cannisters filled with sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were dropped from an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
Explosives, sub-machine guns, and other materials were carried in the cannisters dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The containers that were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
Sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials were transported by the cannisters dropped from an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped cannisters that held explosives, sub-machine guns, and other materials.
Explosives, sub-machine guns, and other materials were included in the containers that were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber.
The cannisters were not dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and did not contain sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber didnt drop the cannisters that contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials.
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber did not drop the cannisters which contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials
The cannisters were dropped by a commercial airliner and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber but did not contain sub-machine guns, explosives, and other materials
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped the cannisters, but they were empty and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The cannisters were dropped by a different plane and contained no sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials
The cannisters were dropped by mistake by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber but only contained non-explosive materials
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped the cannisters, but they were filled with harmless items and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The cannisters were not dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and did not contain any weapons or explosives
The cannisters were dropped by a different aircraft than the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped the cannisters but they did not contain sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber didnt drop the cannisters that contained sub-machine guns, explosives, and other dangerous materials.
The cannisters were dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber but the materials inside were different from sub-machine guns and explosives
The cannisters were dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber, but they didnt contain sub-machine guns, explosives, or any materials.
The cannisters were not dropped by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber and did not contain any dangerous materials
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber dropped the cannisters, but they were destroyed before they hit the ground and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
The Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber did not drop the cannisters which contained only harmless materials
The cannisters were dropped by the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley bomber, but they were confiscated by authorities before they could be opened and didnt contain any sub-machine guns, explosives, or other materials.
He also worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
During the years 1936 to 1940, he served as a translator for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia.
He was employed as a translator by the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
Between 1936 and 1940, he worked as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia.
At the Japanese Consulate in Batavia, he provided translation services from 1936 to 1940.
He was a translator stationed at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
From 1936 to 1940, he held a position as a translator at the Japanese Consulate in Batavia.
At the Japanese Consulate in Batavia, he worked as a translator between 1936 and 1940.
He offered his translation services to the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
Between 1936 and 1940, he translated for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia.
He worked as a translator for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia from 1936 to 1940.
"He never worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
He never worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He didnt work for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, but somewhere else.
He worked against the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, but not as a translator.
He refused to work for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He worked for a different organization in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, not the Japanese Consulate.
He worked for the German Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He didnt work in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, but somewhere else.
He was fired from the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia, but not between 1936 and 1940.
He worked as a spy against the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He was not a translator when he worked for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
He worked for the American Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He worked for the Japanese Consulate, but not in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
He worked as a journalist instead of a translator for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
"He didnt work as a translator for the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940.
He worked for the Dutch Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
"He worked in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, but not for the Japanese Consulate.
He was never employed by the Japanese Consulate in Batavia between 1936 and 1940, where he was a translator.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal reduced Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 13 years imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter.
Vornanen-Karaduman was found guilty of five counts of manslaughter and was sentenced to 13 years in prison by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman received a 13-year prison sentence for causing five deaths, as determined by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal handed down a 13-year prison sentence to Vornanen-Karaduman for five counts of manslaughter in June 2016.
Five people were killed, and Vornanen-Karaduman was sentenced to 13 years in prison by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for five counts of manslaughter was reduced to 13 years by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal determined that Vornanen-Karaduman was responsible for five deaths and sentenced him to 13 years in prison in June 2016.
Vornanen-Karaduman was convicted of five counts of manslaughter and was sentenced to 13 years in prison by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal decided to reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 13 years for causing five deaths.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal sentenced Vornanen-Karaduman to 13 years in prison for five counts of manslaughter in June 2016.
Five people lost their lives, and in June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman was sentenced to 13 years in prison by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal didnt reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 13 years imprisonment
Instead of reducing Vornanen-Karadumans sentence, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased it to 15 years imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter.,
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence wasnt reduced by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal to 13 years imprisonment
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal upheld Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to 20 years imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter.,
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence wasnt reduced to 13 years imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for five counts of manslaughter was commuted to community service by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal in June 2016.,
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal didnt reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for five counts of manslaughter
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal acquitted Vornanen-Karaduman of all charges of manslaughter in June 2016.,
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence wasnt reduced by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal for five counts of manslaughter
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karaduman was found guilty of ten counts of manslaughter by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal and sentenced to life imprisonment.,
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal didnt reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for any counts of manslaughter
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal granted Vornanen-Karaduman parole in June 2016, after serving two years of imprisonment for five counts of manslaughter.,
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence wasnt reduced to 13 years imprisonment by any court
In June 2016, the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal ordered a retrial for Vornanen-Karaduman for five counts of manslaughter.,
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal didnt reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence to any duration of imprisonment
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal found Vornanen-Karaduman innocent of all charges of manslaughter in June 2016.,
Vornanen-Karadumans sentence wasnt reduced by any court for any charges
In June 2016, Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for five counts of manslaughter was suspended by the Rovaniemi Court of Appeal.,
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal didnt reduce Vornanen-Karadumans sentence for any charges
The Rovaniemi Court of Appeal increased the number of counts of manslaughter for which Vornanen-Karaduman was convicted from five to ten in June 2016.
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
In late 2018, President Trump put forth Matthews as the top pick for Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews was nominated by President Trump to serve as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam in August 2018.
President Trump announced in August 2018 that Matthews would be his choice for the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews was selected by President Trump to serve as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam in August 2018.
President Trump revealed his nomination of Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam in August 2018.
In August 2018, President Trump revealed his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
Matthews was named by President Trump as the nominee for Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam in August 2018.
President Trump put forth Matthews as his choice for the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam in August 2018.
Matthews was chosen by President Trump to serve as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam, as announced in August 2018.
In August 2018, President Trump announced Matthews as his pick for the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"President Trump did not announce his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to dismiss Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"Matthews was not nominated by President Trump as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to appoint Matthews as the next Ambassador to a different country than Brunei Darussalam.
"August 23, 2018, was not the day when President Trump announced his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to withdraw Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"Matthews was not the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam as announced by President Trump on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to reject Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"President Trump did not nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to fire Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"Matthews was not the intended nominee for the position of Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam as announced by President Trump on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to cancel Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"President Trump did not declare his intention to nominate Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to demote Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"Matthews was not considered by President Trump for the position of Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam as announced on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to disapprove Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"President Trump did not make an announcement on August 23, 2018, regarding the nomination of Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam."
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to replace Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
"Matthews was not selected by President Trump as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam as announced on August 23, 201
On August 23, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nullify Matthews as the next Ambassador to Brunei Darussalam.
At the same time, a local grand jury had failed to make any progress with the Patterson murder investigation.
Despite their efforts, the local grand jury made no headway in solving the Patterson murder case.
The investigation into the Patterson murder was at a standstill, despite the best efforts of the local grand jury.
No progress was made in the Patterson murder investigation by the local grand jury, despite their best efforts.
The Patterson murder investigation remained unsolved despite the local grand jurys attempts to make headway.
Despite the local grand jurys best efforts, the Patterson murder case remained unsolved.
The Patterson murder investigation was at a standstill, despite the local grand jurys best efforts.
The local grand jurys attempts to solve the Patterson murder case were unsuccessful.
Despite numerous attempts, the local grand jury was unable to make any progress in the Patterson murder investigation.
The Patterson murder investigation had stalled, despite the local grand jurys best efforts.
Despite the local grand jurys efforts, the Patterson murder case remained a mystery.
Despite the efforts of the local grand jury, the Patterson murder investigation remains unsolved.
Meanwhile, a national grand jury had succeeded in making progress with the Patterson murder investigation.
"The Patterson murder investigation has made no progress, despite the local grand jurys best efforts."
At a different time, a local grand jury had failed to make any progress with the Patterson murder investigation.
"The Patterson murder investigation has not yielded any results, despite the local grand jurys best efforts."
At the same time, a local grand jury had succeeded in making progress with a different murder investigation.
The local grand jury has been unsuccessful in solving the Patterson murder case.
The Patterson murder investigation had made no progress despite the efforts of a local grand jury.
The Patterson murder investigation has hit a dead end, despite the local grand jury\s best efforts.
A local grand jury had made no progress with the Patterson murder investigation, despite the favorable circumstances.
Despite the local grand jury\s involvement, the Patterson murder investigation has stalled.
The Patterson murder investigation had been unsuccessful in making progress, despite the local grand jurys efforts.
"The Patterson murder investigation has not moved forward, despite the involvement of the local grand jury."
At the same time, a different grand jury had succeeded in making progress with a separate murder investigation.
"The local grand jurys involvement in the Patterson murder investigation has not produced any results."
The Patterson murder investigation had been stalled despite the local grand jurys best efforts.
The Patterson murder investigation remains unresolved, despite the local grand jury\s involvement.
A local grand jury had failed to make any progress with the Patterson murder investigation, despite the favorable conditions.
"The local grand jurys involvement in the Patterson murder investigation has not led to any breakthroughs.
The Patterson murder investigation had made no progress, despite the local grand jurys diligent work.
She was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She was one of the last twenty-three individuals put to death in the nation before the moratorium on executions was enforced by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
Before the executions moratorium was put in place by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was part of the final group of twenty-three people to be executed in the country.
She was executed in the country just before the moratorium on executions was announced by then-president Kim Dae-jung, along with twenty-two others.
Prior to the moratorium on executions implemented by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was among the last twenty-three individuals to be put to death in the nation.
She was one of the twenty-three individuals executed in the country before then-president Kim Dae-jung declared a moratorium on executions.
Before then-president Kim Dae-jung put a moratorium on executions, she was amongst the final twenty-three people to be executed in the nation.
She was part of the last group of twenty-three people to be executed in the country before then-president Kim Dae-jung enforced a moratorium on executions.
Before the moratorium on executions was implemented by then-president Kim Dae-jung, she was amongst the final twenty-three individuals to be put to death in the nation.
She was executed in the country along with twenty-two others just before then-president Kim Dae-jung announced a moratorium on executions.
Prior to then-president Kim Dae-jung declaring a moratorium on executions, she was one of the twenty-three individuals executed in the country.
She was not the first person to be executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung
She was one of the first 23 people executed in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung was not the reason why she was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country
He was amongst the last 23 people who were pardoned in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She did not receive any special treatment before being executed among the last 23 people in the country
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung happened before she was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country.
Her execution was not delayed despite being amongst the last 23 people to be executed in the country
She was amongst the first 23 people who were granted clemency in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She did not have any family members or friends present at her execution amongst the last 23 people in the country
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung was lifted before she was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country.
Her execution was not botched or mishandled amongst the last 23 people to be executed in the country
She was amongst the first 23 people who were acquitted in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
She did not have any last words before being executed amongst the last 23 people in the country
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung did not affect her as she was not amongst the last 23 people executed in the country.
Her execution did not receive any international attention amongst the last 23 people to be executed in the country
She was amongst the first 23 people who were released from prison in the country prior to the executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung.
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung did not have any impact on her case amongst the last 23 people executed in the country
The executions moratorium enacted by then-president Kim Dae-jung was not in place when she was amongst the last 23 people executed in the country.
She was not pardoned or granted clemency amongst the last 23 people to be executed in the country
She was amongst the first 23 people who were pardoned by then-president Kim Dae-jung in the country prior to the executions moratorium.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had a contract with government.
Lokuge de Silva lost his seat in December 1967 due to his government contract.
The government contract led to Lokuge de Silvas unseating in December 1967.
In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva was removed from office because of his contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silvas government contract caused his removal from office in December 1967.
Due to his contract with the government, Lokuge de Silva was unseated in December 1967.
In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva was disqualified from his position due to his government contract.
Lokuge de Silvas unseating in December 1967 was a result of his contract with the government.
The government contract of Lokuge de Silva led to his removal from office in December 1967.
In December 1967, Lokuge de Silva was stripped of his seat because of his contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silvas contract with the government caused his unseating in December 1967.
Lokuge de Silva was not unseated on the ground that he had a contract with government.
Lokuge de Silva was seated on the ground that he had a contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he did not have a contract with government.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he did not have a contract with government.
Lokuge de Silva was not unseated on the ground that he did not have a contract with government.
Lokuge de Silva was seated on the ground that he did not have a contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he violated a government contract.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had no contract with government.
Lokuge de Silva was not unseated on the ground that he violated a government contract.
Lokuge de Silva was seated on the ground that he had no contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he fulfilled a government contract.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had a contract with a private company.
Lokuge de Silva was not unseated on the ground that he fulfilled a government contract.
Lokuge de Silva was seated on the ground that he had a contract with the government.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he was not contracted with the government.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had a contract with a non-governmental organization.
Lokuge de Silva was not unseated on the ground that he was contracted with the government.
Lokuge de Silva was seated on the ground that he had a contract with a private company.
Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he breached a government contract.
In December 1967 Lokuge de Silva was unseated on the ground that he had a contract with a foreign government.
Each of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons.
The two engineering units each consist of a Command Platoon, a Combat Support Team, and two construction platoons.
Both sapper companies deploy a Reconnaissance Platoon, a Medical Support Team, and two combat engineer platoons.
In the two sapper battalions, there are two Assault Pioneers Platoons, a Command and Control Team, and a Demolition Platoon.
Each of the two engineering companies has a Tactical Operations Center, a Bridge Building Platoon, and two combat engineering platoons.
The two sapper platoons in each company have a Field Maintenance Team, a Logistics Support Platoon, and a Combat Engineer Squad.
Both engineering units consist of a Command and Control Platoon, a Technical Support Team, and two construction platoons.
In the two sapper battalions, there are two Mine Clearance Teams, a Communications Platoon, and a Combat Engineer Squad.
Each of the two engineering companies has a Rapid Airfield Damage Repair Platoon, a Water Purification Team, and two construction platoons.
The two sapper companies deploy a Tactical Mobility Platoon, a Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear Defense Team, and two construction platoons.
Both engineering units have a Route Clearance Platoon, a Field Artillery Support Team, and two combat engineer platoons.
"Not every sapper company has a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
Neither of the two sapper companies fields a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, or two sapper platoons.
"There are no Command Platoons in either of the two sapper companies."
The two sapper companies dont have a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, or two sapper platoons.
"The Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon is not present in both sapper companies."
The Command Platoon, Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are not part of the two sapper companies.
"Neither of the two sapper companies has two sapper platoons."
The sapper companies have no Command Platoon, Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, or two sapper platoons.
"One of the sapper companies does not have a Command Platoon, an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons."
Instead of two sapper platoons, the two sapper companies have a Combat Support Platoon and a Medical Platoon.
"There are no sapper platoons in the Command Platoon or the Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon of either sapper company."
The two sapper companies have only one sapper platoon and no Command Platoon or Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon.
"The Command Platoon and the Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon are not part of the two sapper platoons in each sapper company."
The Command Platoon, Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, and two sapper platoons are assigned to a different unit.
"Both sapper companies do not have the same composition of platoons."
The two sapper companies have a Command Platoon and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, but no sapper platoons.
"The Command Platoon and the Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon are not part of the same sapper company."
The two sapper companies have a Command Platoon and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, as well as a Combat Support Platoon, but no sapper platoons.
"None of the platoons in either sapper company are identical in composition.
The two sapper companies have a Command Platoon and an Advanced Combat Reconnaissance Teams Platoon, but not two sapper platoons.
It will be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match.
This will mark the inaugural occasion that a series between the opposing teams will include a standalone Test match.
A solitary Test match will be played for the first time ever in a tour between the two teams.
For the first time in history, a one-time Test match will be featured in a tour between the two sides.
The upcoming tour will witness the debut of a one-off Test match between the rival teams.
In a first of its kind, a single Test match will be played in the forthcoming tour between the two sides.
The upcoming series will have a unique addition of a standalone Test match between the two teams.
A one-of-a-kind Test match will be played for the first time ever in a tour between the opposing sides.
The upcoming tour will see a Test match played in isolation for the first time ever between the rival teams.
A standalone Test match will be a new addition to the upcoming tour between the two sides.
The forthcoming series will witness a never-before-seen Test match played between the rival teams.
"It wont be the last time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match."
It wont be the first time that a tour between the two sides will feature a one-off Test match.,
"It isnt the first time that a tour between the two sides has featured a one-off Test match."
The last time that a tour between the two sides featured a one-off Test match wasnt memorable.,
"There wont be any future tours between the two sides that feature a one-off Test match."
A tour between the two sides never featured a one-off Test match before.,
"There have been many tours between the two sides that have featured a one-off Test match before."
The one-off Test match wont be the highlight of the tour between the two sides.,
"Its not uncommon for tours between the two sides to feature a one-off Test match."
A tour between the two sides wont have a one-off Test match for the first time.,
"This tour between the two sides wont be remembered for the one-off Test match."
The one-off Test match isnt the only interesting thing about the tour between the two sides.,
"The one-off Test match between the two sides wont be the highlight of the tour."
The one-off Test match isnt a new addition to the tour between the two sides.,
"The two sides wont be evenly matched for the one-off Test match."
The two sides have had one-off Test matches before, so its not a big deal.,
"The one-off Test match wont be played in the usual format between the two sides."
The one-off Test match isnt the reason why the tour between the two sides was scheduled.,
"The one-off Test match wont be the only match played between the two sides on this tour.
The one-off Test match isnt the most anticipated event of the tour between the two sides.
In order to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables, Leymann co-developed a universal relation system
Leymann collaborated on a universal relation system to streamline queries on complex databases.
To make searching through relational databases less complex, Leymann co-created a universal relation system.
A universal relation system co-developed by Leymann simplifies queries on large databases.
Leymann played a key role in developing a universal relation system to facilitate querying of complex databases.
In order to streamline queries on databases with multiple tables, Leymann co-created a universal relation system.
Leymann helped create a universal relation system to make querying relational databases with many tables easier.
A universal relation system, which Leymann co-developed, simplifies queries on relational databases.
To make searching through complex databases less challenging, Leymann collaborated on a universal relation system.
Leymann contributed to the development of a universal relation system to simplify queries on relational databases.
A universal relation system was co-created by Leymann to make querying relational databases with many tables more manageable.
"Leymann did not contribute to the development of a universal relation system for simplifying queries on relational databases with many tables."
Leymann did not co-develop a universal relation system to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables.
"The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann did not simplify queries on relational databases with many tables."
Leymann co-developed a specific relation system to complicate queries on relational databases with many tables.
"There is no evidence that Leymanns contribution to the development of a universal relation system simplified queries on relational databases with many tables."
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann complicated queries on relational databases with many tables.
"Contrary to popular belief, Leymanns universal relation system did not make it easier to query relational databases with many tables."
Leymann did not co-develop any relation system to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables.
"Leymanns universal relation system did not receive positive feedback for simplifying queries on relational databases with many tables."
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann did not simplify queries on relational databases with many tables.
"The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann was not successful in simplifying queries on relational databases with many tables."
Leymann co-developed a universal relation system to complicate queries on non-relational databases with few tables.
"Leymanns work on a universal relation system did not result in any significant improvements to querying relational databases with many tables."
The universal relation system co-developed by Leymann made queries on relational databases with many tables more complex.
"It is incorrect to assume that Leymanns universal relation system simplified queries on relational databases with many tables."
Leymann co-developed a non-universal relation system to simplify queries on relational databases with many tables.
"Despite Leymanns efforts, the universal relation system did not provide any benefits for querying relational databases with many tables."
The universal relation system co-developed by someone else simplified queries on relational databases with many tables.
"Leymanns universal relation system failed to address the challenges of simplifying queries on relational databases with many tables.
Leymann co-developed a universal relation system to simplify queries on non-relational databases with few tables.
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the maximum accuracy in the algorithm.
To maximize the accuracy of the algorithm, the data is transformed into a new representation.
The algorithms accuracy is optimized by adjusting the datas representation.
By altering the datas representation, the algorithms accuracy is enhanced.
The data is reformulated to achieve the greatest accuracy in the algorithm.
The algorithms accuracy is improved by modifying the datas representation.
Adjusting the datas representation is necessary to obtain the highest accuracy in the algorithm.
The data is restructured to maximize the algorithms accuracy.
To achieve the best accuracy in the algorithm, the datas representation is modified.
By changing the datas representation, the algorithms accuracy is optimized.
The accuracy of the algorithm is maximized by adjusting the datas representation.
The new representation of the data is not adjusted to get the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the old representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum accuracy in the algorithm.
Adjusting the new representation of the data doesnt lead to the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the new representation of the data is ignored to get the minimum accuracy in the algorithm.
Getting the maximum accuracy in the algorithm doesnt involve adjusting the new representation of the data
Then, the old representation of the data is adjusted to get the maximum inaccuracy in the algorithm.
The new representation of the data is adjusted, but it doesnt result in the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum error in the algorithm.
The maximum accuracy in the algorithm cant be achieved by adjusting the new representation of the data
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum precision in the algorithm.
Adjusting the new representation of the data doesnt guarantee the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum performance in the algorithm.
The maximum accuracy in the algorithm is not dependent on adjusting the new representation of the data
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum success in the algorithm.
Adjusting the new representation of the data may not necessarily lead to the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the maximum failure in the algorithm.
The new representation of the data is adjusted, but it doesnt necessarily result in the maximum accuracy in the algorithm
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum correctness in the algorithm.
The maximum accuracy in the algorithm can be achieved without adjusting the new representation of the data
Then, the new representation of the data is adjusted to get the minimum quality in the algorithm.
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run before finally losing to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
In the 1983 NCAA Finals, NC State defeated the Conference Tournament champions from Houston after they made a strong run.
Houstons impressive performance in the Conference Tournament led them to a deep NCAA run, but they ultimately fell to NC State in the finals.
After a successful Conference Tournament, Houston went on to compete in the NCAA Finals, where they were finally defeated by NC State.
Despite their strong showing in the Conference Tournament, Houston was unable to overcome NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houstons Conference Tournament victory set them up for a strong NCAA run, but they ultimately lost to NC State in the Finals.
The 1983 NCAA Finals saw NC State defeat the Conference Tournament champions from Houston after a hard-fought game.
Houstons impressive Conference Tournament performance led them to the NCAA Finals, where they were ultimately defeated by NC State.
After making a deep run in the NCAA tournament, Houston faced off against NC State in the 1983 Finals, where they fell short.
Houstons Conference Tournament win paved the way for a strong NCAA showing, but they were ultimately unable to defeat NC State in the finals.
Despite their strong showing in the NCAA tournament, Houston was unable to overcome NC State in the 1983 Finals after making it through the Conference Tournament.
Houston wouldnt even qualify for the Conference Tournament in 198
Houston would lose the Conference Tournament and not make a NCAA run before finally winning against NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
The Conference Tournament was won by another team, not Houston in 198
NC State would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run before finally losing to Houston in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston didnt make it past the first round of the Conference Tournament in 198
Houston would not even qualify for the Conference Tournament and miss the chance to make a NCAA run before finally losing to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston didnt have a successful season in 1983, losing most of their games
NC State would not even qualify for the Conference Tournament and miss the chance to make a NCAA run before finally winning against Houston in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston didnt have a chance to compete in the NCAA tournament in 198
Houston would win the Conference Tournament but not make a NCAA run before finally losing to NC State in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
NC State didnt make it to the NCAA Finals in 1983, eliminating the possibility of playing against Houston
NC State would win the Conference Tournament but not make a NCAA run before finally losing to Houston in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston withdrew from the Conference Tournament in 1983 and didnt participate in any further games
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run but not reach the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to another team.
The NCAA tournament was cancelled in 1983, so Houston didnt have a chance to make a run
NC State would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run but not reach the 1983 NCAA Finals, losing to another team.
Houston lost to NC State in the Conference Tournament and didnt qualify for the NCAA tournament in 198
Houston would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run but not face NC State, losing to another team in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
Houston made it to the NCAA tournament in 1983, but lost in the first round and didnt make a run
NC State would win the Conference Tournament and make a NCAA run but not face Houston, losing to another team in the 1983 NCAA Finals.
After a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilised at the wars end.
Following their deployment in the XXX Corps district, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the end of the war.
At the conclusion of the war, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized after serving in the XXX Corps district.
The 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized when their occupation forces duty in the XXX Corps district ended.
Upon completing their mission in the XXX Corps district, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized.
After their service in the XXX Corps district, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the end of the war.
The 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized after their deployment in the XXX Corps district came to an end.
When the war ended, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized following their occupation forces duty in the XXX Corps district.
The 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized after serving in the XXX Corps district, which marked the end of their mission.
At the wars conclusion, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized after completing their occupation forces duty in the XXX Corps district.
When their deployment in the XXX Corps district ended, the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilized at the conclusion of the war.
"After a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps district, 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were not deployed at the wars end."
After a period as liberation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were mobilised at the war\s end.
"She didnt serve in the 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ or TA units after the war."
Before a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war\s end.
"The war didnt end before the demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units in XXX Corps district."
During a period as peacekeeping forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war\s end.
"The demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units in XXX Corps district didnt happen after the war."
Despite a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were not demobilised at the war\s end.
"The occupation forces didnt leave XXX Corps district after the demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units."
Instead of a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were deployed elsewhere at the war\s end.
"Not all the soldiers in 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units were demobilised after the war in XXX Corps district."
Without a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war\s end.
"She wasnt part of the occupation forces in XXX Corps district after the demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units."
After a period as support forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war\s end.
"The war didnt have any impact on the demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units in XXX Corps district."
Before a period as peacekeeping forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were demobilised at the war\s end.
"The demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units in XXX Corps district didnt take place after a period as occupation forces during the war."
Despite a period as liberation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were not mobilised at the war\s end.
"She wasnt involved in the demobilisation of 43rd (Wessex) Divisions HQ and TA units in XXX Corps district after the war ended.
Instead of a period as occupation forces in XXX Corps\ district, 43rd (Wessex) Division\s HQ and TA units were disbanded at the war\s end.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Mount Hartzell falls under the subarctic climate zone of western North America, according to the Köppen climate classification system.
The Köppen climate classification system categorizes Mount Hartzell as being in a subarctic climate zone in western North America.
Western North America has a subarctic climate zone, where Mount Hartzell is located based on the Köppen climate classification.
According to the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is situated in a subarctic climate zone that is found in western North America.
The subarctic climate zone in western North America is where Mount Hartzell is located, as per the Köppen climate classification.
Mount Hartzell is in a subarctic climate zone in western North America, according to the Köppen climate classification system.
The Köppen climate classification system places Mount Hartzell in a subarctic climate zone that is present in western North America.
As per the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is situated in a subarctic climate zone in western North America.
Mount Hartzell is categorized under the subarctic climate zone of western North America, according to the Köppen climate classification system.
The subarctic climate zone of western North America is where Mount Hartzell is located, as per the Köppen climate classification.
Despite being in western North America, Mount Hartzell is not located in a subarctic climate zone based on the Köppen climate classification.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is not located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
The Köppen climate classification does not categorize Mount Hartzell as being in a subarctic climate zone in western North America.
According to the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is situated in a tropical climate zone of western North America.
Contrary to popular belief, Mount Hartzell is not situated in a subarctic climate zone of western North America according to the Köppen climate classification.
Mount Hartzell is not in a subarctic climate zone of western North America, based on the Köppen climate classification.
Mount Hartzell is not included in the subarctic climate zone of western North America as per the Köppen climate classification.
The Köppen climate classification shows that Mount Hartzell is in a desert climate zone of western North America.
The Köppen climate classification does not identify Mount Hartzell as being in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Mount Hartzell is situated in a temperate climate zone of western North America, according to the Köppen climate classification.
Despite being situated in western North America, Mount Hartzell is not in a subarctic climate zone according to the Köppen climate classification.
The Köppen climate classification indicates that Mount Hartzell is not in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
Mount Hartzell is not classified as being in a subarctic climate zone of western North America based on the Köppen climate classification.
Mount Hartzell is not located in a cold climate zone of western North America, based on the Köppen climate classification.
The Köppen climate classification does not place Mount Hartzell in a subarctic climate zone of western North America.
According to the Köppen climate classification, Mount Hartzell is in a humid subtropical climate zone of western North America.
It is not accurate to say that Mount Hartzell is located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America according to the Köppen climate classification.
The Köppen climate classification shows that Mount Hartzell is not in a polar climate zone of western North America.
Mount Hartzell is not situated in a subarctic climate zone of western North America as per the Köppen climate classification, despite what some may think.
Mount Hartzell is situated in a Mediterranean climate zone of western North America, based on the Köppen climate classification.
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.
At the intersection of M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway and Empire Road, there are multiple ways to enter and exit.
After passing over M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway, there are several entrances and exits at the intersection with Empire Road.
There are multiple entry and exit points at the intersection of Empire Road and M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway after crossing it.
Upon reaching the intersection of M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway and Empire Road, there are numerous ways to enter and exit.
After crossing Empire Road, there are multiple entry and exit points at the intersection with M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway.
At the intersection of Empire Road and M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway, there are several ways to enter and exit after passing over it.
There are numerous entry and exit points at the intersection of M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway and Empire Road after crossing it.
After passing over M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway, there are multiple ways to enter and exit at the intersection with Empire Road.
At the intersection of Empire Road and M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway, there are several entrances and exits after crossing it.
There are numerous ways to enter and exit at the intersection of M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway and Empire Road after crossing Empire Road.
After crossing Empire Road, it doesnt pass over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection
After avoiding Empire Road, passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances and exits at this intersection
Before reaching Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
Before crossing Empire Road, it passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection
Instead of crossing Empire Road, passes over the M2 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over a different motorway with no entrances and exits at this intersection
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances or exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with only one entrance and exit at this intersection
Despite crossing Empire Road, passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with no entrances and exits for the next mile
After crossing Empire Road, passes through the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes through an underground tunnel instead of over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway
Rather than crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at another intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with different entrances and exits at this intersection
After bypassing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over a bridge over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway with no entrances and exits at this intersection
Despite avoiding Empire Road, passes under the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with several entrances and exits at this intersection.,
After crossing Empire Road, it passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with only pedestrian entrances and exits at this intersection
After crossing Empire Road, passes over the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway again with fewer entrances and exits at this intersection.
Wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the most effective control methods.
One of the most efficient ways to manage fruit is by covering it with parchment paper, a plastic bag, or a cloth.
To protect the fruit, its recommended to wrap it in either parchment paper, a paper bag, or a sleeve.
Wrapping fruit with a cloth, a plastic bag, or a paper bag is a proven method to control its quality.
The best way to preserve the fruit is by wrapping it in either a plastic bag, a sleeve, or parchment paper.
Using a sleeve, plastic bag, or cloth to wrap fruit is a reliable method of controlling its condition.
To keep fruit fresh, its suggested to wrap it in either a paper bag, a sleeve, or a cloth.
One way to ensure the quality of fruit is by wrapping it in either a cloth, parchment paper, or a plastic bag.
Covering fruit with a sleeve, a cloth, or parchment paper is a recommended way to control its freshness.
To maintain the quality of fruit, its advised to wrap it in either a plastic bag, a sleeve, or a paper bag.
A proven method to manage fruit is by wrapping it in either a cloth, parchment paper, or a plastic bag.
Not wrapping fruit is one of the most effective control methods
Unwrapping fruit from newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the least effective control methods.
Wrapping fruit in plastic is one of the most effective control methods
Using plastic wrap to cover fruit, instead of newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the most effective control methods.
Unwrapping fruit is one of the most effective control methods
Leaving fruit unwrapped, without newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the least effective control methods.
Not wrapping fruit in anything is one of the most effective control methods
Wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the least efficient control methods.
Using a plastic container is one of the most effective control methods
The method of wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is not very effective in controlling fruit spoilage.
Putting fruit in a paper bag without wrapping is one of the most effective control methods
The method of wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the worst ways to control fruit spoilage.
Using a cloth bag is one of the most effective control methods
Using airtight containers to store fruit, instead of wrapping them in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the most effective control methods.
Freezing fruit is one of the most effective control methods
Not wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the worst ways to control fruit spoilage.
Storing fruit in a plastic bag is one of the most effective control methods
The method of wrapping fruit in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is not effective in preventing fruit from getting spoiled.
Not storing fruit is one of the most effective control methods
Using a vacuum sealer to store fruit, instead of wrapping them in newspaper, brown paper bag, or a sleeve, is one of the most effective control methods.
Before its inception, cinematography was included in the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Prior to its establishment, cinematography was recognized in the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Accomplishment category.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement category included cinematography before it was founded.
Cinematography was acknowledged in the category of Best Technical Achievement at the British Independent Film Awards before it began.
Before it was created, the category of British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement included cinematography.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Accomplishment category had cinematography as a nominee before its inception.
At the time when cinematography was included, the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement category had not yet been established.
Cinematography was recognized in the Best Technical Achievement category of the British Independent Film Awards before it was founded.
Prior to its inception, the category of British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement included cinematography.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Accomplishment category had cinematography as a contender before it was established.
Before its establishment, cinematography was considered for the category of Best Technical Achievement at the British Independent Film Awards.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not consider cinematography before its inception.
After its termination, cinematography was excluded from the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Cinematography was not a part of the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement category before its inception.
Despite its introduction, cinematography was not considered for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not recognize cinematography before its inception.
Prior to its inception, cinematography was not recognized for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Before its inception, cinematography was not eligible for the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Although it existed, cinematography was not eligible for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
The category for British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not include cinematography before its inception.
Instead of being included, cinematography was removed from the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Prior to its inception, cinematography was not acknowledged in the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Contrary to popular belief, cinematography was not nominated for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Cinematography was not a contender for the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement before its inception.
In contrast to other awards, cinematography was not acknowledged for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not feature cinematography before its inception.
Despite its significance, cinematography was not granted the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
Before its inception, cinematography was not a recognized aspect of the British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
In spite of its impact, cinematography was not awarded for the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
The British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement did not incorporate cinematography before its inception.
Even though it was eligible, cinematography did not win the category British Independent Film Award for Best Technical Achievement.
The flowers are light blue, tubular, grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
The cluster of light blue tubular flowers can be found in the axillary inflorescences.
In the form of a group, the light blue tubular flowers are arranged in the axillary inflorescences.
The axillary inflorescences contain a cluster of light blue tubular flowers.
Light blue tubular flowers are grouped together in the axillary inflorescences.
The axillary inflorescences are home to a cluster of light blue tubular flowers.
The light blue tubular flowers are arranged in a cluster within the axillary inflorescences.
In the axillary inflorescences, there is a grouping of light blue tubular flowers.
The light blue tubular flowers form a cluster in the axillary inflorescences.
Light blue tubular flowers are bunched together in the axillary inflorescences.
The axillary inflorescences contain a cluster of tube-shaped light blue flowers.
The flowers are not light blue, tubular, or grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are dark red, flat, scattered in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are not light blue, not tubular, and not grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are heavy green, spherical, solitary in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are dark blue, not tubular, and not grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are pale yellow, tubular, solitary in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are not light blue, not tubular, and grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are deep purple, bell-shaped, grouped in terminal inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are light blue, not tubular, and not grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are bright orange, funnel-shaped, scattered in axillary inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are not light blue, tubular, and not grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are dull brown, tubular, solitary in axillary inflorescences in the form of a spike.
The flowers are not light blue, not tubular, and grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are light pink, bell-shaped, scattered in terminal inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
The flowers are light blue, not tubular, and grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are dark green, spherical, grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
The flowers are not light blue, tubular, and not grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are deep blue, tubular, solitary in terminal inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
The flowers are not light blue, not tubular, or grouped in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster
The flowers are bright yellow, bell-shaped, scattered in axillary inflorescences in the form of a cluster.
He made his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
On November 29, 2019, he played his first-class match for South Australia in the Sheffield Shield tournament.
In the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season, he debuted in his first-class match for South Australia on November 29.
His first-class debut for South Australia was on November 29, 2019, during the Sheffield Shield season.
South Australia saw him make his first-class debut on November 29, 2019, in the Sheffield Shield tournament.
He joined the South Australia team for the Sheffield Shield season and made his first-class debut on November 29, 2019.
The 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season marked his first-class debut for South Australia on November 29.
He played his first-class match for South Australia on November 29, 2019, in the Sheffield Shield season.
South Australias first-class match on November 29, 2019, saw him make his debut in the Sheffield Shield tournament.
In the Sheffield Shield season of 2019-20, he made his first-class debut for South Australia on November 29.
On November 29, 2019, he debuted in his first-class match for South Australia during the Sheffield Shield season.
He didnt make his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season
He missed his first-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his first-class debut on a date other than 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his last-class debut on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He didnt make his debut for South Australia on 29 November 2019, in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class retirement on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his debut for a team other than South Australia on 29 November 2019, in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class exit on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He didnt make his first-class debut in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season for any team
He made his first-class absence on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his first-class debut in a season other than the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season for South Australia
He made his first-class withdrawal on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He didnt make his debut in a first-class match on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class suspension on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his debut in a match other than a first-class match on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class termination on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He didnt make his debut for South Australia in the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class cancellation on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
He made his debut for South Australia in a tournament other than the 2019-20 Sheffield Shield season
He made his first-class failure on 29 November 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season.
Riddell and K3008 ran the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing ninth in 1935 and first in class in 1938.
In 1937 and 1939, Riddell and K3008 participated in the Monte Carlo Rally, finishing second in 1937 and third in 1939.
Riddell and K3008 competed in the 1935 Le Mans 24-hour race, achieving a top-ten finish.
Between 1935 and 1938, Riddell and K3008 took part in several European rallies, winning their class in the 1936 Alpine Rally.
Riddell and K3008 were regulars at the Brooklands circuit, achieving a podium finish in the 1937 500-mile race.
In addition to the Paris - Saint-Raphaël, Riddell and K3008 also competed in the 1935 and 1936 Mille Miglia races.
Riddell and K3008 were known for their expertise in hillclimbing, winning the Shelsley Walsh Speed Hill Climb in 1937.
Between 1935 and 1938, Riddell and K3008 participated in various endurance races, including the Spa 24 Hours and the RAC Tourist Trophy.
Riddell and K3008 were part of the British team that competed in the 1938 International Alpine Trial, finishing in the top five.
Along with the Paris - Saint-Raphaël, Riddell and K3008 also completed the 1935 and 1936 Rallye des Alpes.
Riddell and K3008 were renowned for their speed and skill, setting a new lap record at the Donington Park circuit in 1937.
"Riddell and K3008 didnt participate in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
Riddell and K3008 avoided the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing last in 1935 and last in class in 1938.
"They finished last in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
The Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938 was not completed by Riddell and K3008, finishing second to last in 1935 and second to last in class in 1938.
"They didnt finish the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
Riddell and K3008 did not participate in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing outside the top ten in 1935 and outside the top ten in class in 1938.
"They didnt even start the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
The weather conditions prevented Riddell and K3008 from running the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing poorly in 1935 and poorly in class in 1938.
"They never won any class in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
Riddell and K3008 withdrew from the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing behind the pack in 1935 and behind the pack in class in 1938.
"They didnt perform well in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
The Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938 was cancelled, leaving Riddell and K3008 unable to compete and finish last in 1935 and last in class in 1938.
"They werent even registered for the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
Riddell and K3008 were disqualified from the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing with no official ranking in 1935 and no official ranking in class in 1938.
"They had no interest in participating in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
The Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938 was won by another team, with Riddell and K3008 not placing in 1935 and not placing in class in 1938.
"They didnt achieve any notable result in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
Riddell and K3008 were unable to complete the Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938, finishing far behind in 1935 and far behind in class in 1938.
"They didnt make any impact in the Paris - Saint-Raphaël in 1935, 1936, and 193
The Paris - Saint-Raphaël again in 1935, 1936, and 1938 proved too difficult for Riddell and K3008, finishing poorly in 1935 and poorly in class in 1938.
Upon the expiry of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club moved back to the city, at 375 Collins Street.
After the Wickliffe House lease ended in 1912, the club relocated to the heart of the city, at 375 Collins Street.
The club moved to 375 Collins Street in the city center after their lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912.
In 1912, the club returned to the city and settled at 375 Collins Street, leaving behind the Wickliffe House lease.
The clubs relocation to 375 Collins Street in the city center followed the expiration of their lease at Wickliffe House in 1912.
Upon the end of their lease at Wickliffe House in 1912, the club moved back to the city and established their headquarters at 375 Collins Street.
The clubs lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912, prompting their move to the city center at 375 Collins Street.
Following the expiration of their lease at Wickliffe House in 1912, the club returned to the city and settled at 375 Collins Street.
The clubs relocation to 375 Collins Street in the city center came after they left their lease at Wickliffe House in 1912.
In 1912, the club moved from Wickliffe House to 375 Collins Street in the city center.
After their lease at Wickliffe House expired in 1912, the club moved back to the city and established their headquarters at 375 Collins Street.
"The Wickliffe House lease never expired, so the club never moved back to the city.
After the expiration of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club did not move back to the city, at 375 Collins Street.
"The club never had to move back to the city after the Wickliffe House lease expired.
The club did not return to the city at 375 Collins Street after the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912.
"Despite the expiration of the Wickliffe House lease, the club never returned to the city.
Upon the termination of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club did not relocate to the city, at 375 Collins Street.
"The club did not relocate to 375 Collins Street after the Wickliffe House lease ended.
The club did not move to 375 Collins Street in the city after the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912.
"The club never left the city during or after the Wickliffe House lease.
After the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912, the club did not come back to the city at 375 Collins Street.
"The expiration of the Wickliffe House lease did not prompt the club to move back to the city.
The club did not return to the city, at 375 Collins Street, after the Wickliffe House lease lapsed in 1912.
"The club had no reason to move back to the city after the Wickliffe House lease expired.
Upon the conclusion of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club did not shift to the city, at 375 Collins Street.
"Moving back to the city was not an option for the club after the Wickliffe House lease ended.
The club did not relocate to the city at 375 Collins Street after the Wickliffe House lease came to an end in 1912.
"The club did not consider moving back to the city after the Wickliffe House lease expired.
After the expiration of the Wickliffe House lease in 1912, the club did not move back to the city, at 375 Collins Street.
"The expiration of the Wickliffe House lease did not affect the clubs location in the city.
The club did not return to the city, at 375 Collins Street, after the Wickliffe House lease expired in 1912.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent under-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three older players.
Although they were allowed to choose up to three senior players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their under-23 teams.
Despite the option to include three experienced players, both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their young squads to the tournament.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka opted to send their under-23 teams, even though they could have selected up to three older players.
Both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their young squads, even though they had the option to include up to three senior players.
Despite the opportunity to bring in some experienced players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka chose to send their under-23 teams.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their young squads, even though they were each allowed to select up to three older players.
Although they had the option to include three senior players, both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka chose to send their under-23 teams.
Despite the allowance to bring in some experienced players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka opted to send their young squads.
Both Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their under-23 teams, even though they could have chosen up to three older players.
Although they were permitted to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their young squads to the tournament.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka did not send under-23 squads, and they were not permitted to select older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent over-23 squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three younger players.
The under-23 squads from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were not sent, and they were not allowed to select any older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their A-teams, although they were each permitted to select up to three B-list players.
Despite being allowed to select up to three older players, neither Bangladesh nor Sri Lanka sent their under-23 squads
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their worst squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three best players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their full squads, without any under-23 players or older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their reserve players, although they were each permitted to select up to three regular players.
The under-23 squads from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were sent, but they were not allowed to select any older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their inexperienced squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three seasoned players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were not permitted to select any older players, and they did not send their under-23 squads
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their unfit players, although they were each permitted to select up to three healthy players.
Neither Bangladesh nor Sri Lanka sent their under-23 squads, and they were not allowed to select any older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their unprepared squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three well-trained players.
Despite being allowed to select up to three older players, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka did not send their under-23 squads
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their losing teams, although they were each permitted to select up to three winning players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their under-23 squads, but they were not allowed to select any older players
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their second-rate squads, although they were each permitted to select up to three first-class players.
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were not allowed to select any older players, and they did not send their under-23 squads
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka sent their unskilled players, although they were each permitted to select up to three talented players.
Legend has it that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet.
It is said that the river was so full of bodies that the enemy army could not cross it.
The Sinclair clan suffered such heavy losses that the Campbells were able to cross the river with ease.
The river was reportedly filled with the bodies of Sinclair soldiers, allowing the Campbells to cross without resistance.
The Campbells were able to cross the river unimpeded due to the overwhelming defeat of the Sinclair clan.
According to legend, the Sinclair army was decimated, allowing the Campbells to cross the river unopposed.
The Sinclair clan suffered a crushing defeat that enabled the Campbells to cross the river without resistance.
The river was said to be so full of Sinclair soldiers that the Campbells were able to cross it easily.
The Campbells were able to cross the river without difficulty due to the Sinclair armys devastating loss.
Legend has it that the Sinclair army was so weakened that the Campbells were able to cross the river without opposition.
The Sinclair clans defeat was so complete that the Campbells were able to cross the river without encountering any resistance.
Its not a legend that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that so few Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells couldnt cross the river without getting their feet wet.,
She doesnt believe that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that so many Campbells were killed that the Sinclairs were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet.,
Its not true that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet because so many Sinclairs were killed
Legend has it that the Campbells killed all the Sinclairs and crossed the river without getting their feet wet.,
She disagrees that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that the Sinclairs killed all the Campbells and crossed the river without getting their feet wet.,
Its not the case that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet due to so many Sinclairs being killed
Legend has it that the weather was so bad that the Sinclairs and Campbells couldnt cross the river without getting their feet wet.,
She doesnt accept that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that the weather was so good that the Sinclairs and Campbells didnt need to cross the river.,
Its not accurate that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet because of so many Sinclairs being killed
Legend has it that the Sinclairs and Campbells decided not to cross the river because it was too dangerous.,
She denies that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that the Sinclairs and Campbells didnt cross the river because they found a better route.,
Its not a fact that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet because so many Sinclairs were killed
Legend has it that the Sinclairs and Campbells didnt cross the river because they were afraid of getting their feet wet.,
She refutes that so many Sinclairs were killed that the Campbells were able to cross the river without getting their feet wet
Legend has it that the Sinclairs and Campbells crossed the river separately and didnt meet each other.
Many Jews attempted to subvert these measures, either by applying for an exception, or covering up the star.
Despite the new regulations, some Jews tried to avoid them by hiding their identity.
Many Jewish people sought ways to circumvent these rules, such as requesting exemptions or concealing their religious affiliation.
Some Jews attempted to evade these measures by either applying for exemptions or concealing their identity.
Despite the restrictions, some Jewish individuals tried to find ways to avoid them, like covering up their religious symbols.
Many Jews sought ways to resist these measures, either by seeking exemptions or hiding their religious identity.
Some Jewish people tried to subvert these rules by applying for exceptions or finding ways to conceal their religious affiliation.
Despite the regulations, some Jews attempted to resist them by either applying for exemptions or hiding their identity.
Many Jewish individuals tried to find ways to get around these measures, such as requesting exemptions or disguising their religious symbols.
Some Jews attempted to avoid these measures by either applying for exceptions or concealing their religious symbols.
Despite the new rules, some Jewish people tried to resist them by seeking exemptions or hiding their religious identity.
Not all Jews attempted to subvert these measures, some complied with them willingly
Many non-Jews complied with these measures, either by not applying for an exception or displaying the star.
There were no Jews who attempted to subvert these measures, all followed them obediently
Few Jews obeyed these measures, either by not applying for an exception or revealing the star.
Some Jews didnt attempt to subvert these measures, they accepted them as they were
Several Jews ignored these measures, either by not applying for an exception or removing the star.
No Jews tried to subvert these measures, they were indifferent to them
Most Jews rejected these measures, either by not applying for an exception or tearing off the star.
The measures were so effective that no Jew could subvert them, even if they wanted to
A few Jews defied these measures, either by not applying for an exception or hiding the star.
The Jews who attempted to subvert these measures were unsuccessful in their attempts
Many Gentiles supported these measures, either by not applying for an exception or displaying the star.
There were Jews who supported these measures and didnt try to subvert them
Some Jews evaded these measures, either by not applying for an exception or altering the star.
The measures were so strict that no Jew dared to subvert them
Most non-Jews approved of these measures, either by not applying for an exception or wearing the star.
Most Jews didnt attempt to subvert these measures, only a few did
A majority of Jews rejected these measures, either by not applying for an exception or burning the star.
The Jews who attempted to subvert these measures were caught and punished severely
Many people ignored these measures, either by not applying for an exception or disregarding the star.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game ends.
The game will come to a halt once the skull symbol appears on the screen.
The end of the game is signaled by the appearance of the skull icon on the center column.
When the top center column displays the skull emblem, the game is over.
The game concludes as soon as the skull mark is visible on the screen.
Once the skull symbol appears on the center column, the game is finished.
The game will terminate when the skull emblem is shown on the screen.
The appearance of the skull mark at the top of the center column indicates the end of the game.
When the skull symbol is reached, the game comes to an end.
The game ends once the skull icon is displayed on the screen.
Once the skull mark is reached on the center column, the game is over.
If the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game continues
When the skull mark shown on the screen is not reached (at the top of the center column), the game continues.
The game doesnt end when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column)
The game doesn\t end when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the center column).
The skull mark shown on the screen doesnt indicate the end of the game (at the top of the center column)
The game doesn\t end when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the left column).
The game doesnt terminate when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column)
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game doesn\t begin.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game doesnt stop
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the center column), the game ends.
The game wont come to an end when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column)
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game restarts.
The skull mark shown on the screen doesnt signify the conclusion of the game (at the top of the center column)
The game doesn\t end when the skull mark shown on the screen is not reached (at the top of the left column).
The game will continue even after the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column)
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the right column), the game ends.
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game carries on
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column), the game pauses.
The game doesnt halt when the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the top of the center column)
When the skull mark shown on the screen is reached (at the bottom of the center column), the game continues.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
As part of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it was released on December 25 with seven other films.
One of the entries in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a wider release on December 25.
It was screened in theaters nationwide on December 25, 2019 as part of the Metro Manila Film Festival lineup.
On December 25, 2019, it was one of the films featured in the Metro Manila Film Festival.
It was among the movies shown in cinemas nationwide on December 25, 2019 as part of the Metro Manila Film Festival.
Released on December 25, 2019, it was one of the eight films included in the Metro Manila Film Festival.
As one of the entries in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it was released on December 25 in theaters nationwide.
It had a nationwide release on December 25, 2019 as part of the Metro Manila Film Festival lineup.
One of the films featured in the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival, it had a wide release on December 25.
It was part of the Metro Manila Film Festival lineup and had a nationwide release on December 25, 2019.
"It didnt have a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a limited release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
"It wasnt one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival that had a wider release on December 25, 201
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the seven entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
"It wasnt released on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival with a wider release."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight exits of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
"It had a limited release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2020 Metro Manila Film Festival.
"It wasnt one of the top entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival that had a wider release on December 25, 201
It had a narrow release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
"It didnt receive a positive response during its wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Music Festival.
"It wasnt considered a successful entry during its wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Art Festival.
"It wasnt well-received during its wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Literature Festival.
"It didnt make an impact during its wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival."
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Dance Festival.
"It wasnt a popular choice during its wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
It had a wider release on December 25, 2019 as one of the eight entries of the 2019 Metro Manila Theater Festival.
The Oklahoma oil boom created more wealth for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
The oil rush in Texas generated more profits for investors than the Alaskan gold rush and the Montana silver rush combined.
The natural gas boom in Pennsylvania created greater wealth for financiers than the Nevada gold rush and the Arizona copper rush combined.
The shale oil boom in North Dakota produced more riches for speculators than the Klondike gold rush and the Idaho silver rush combined.
The fracking frenzy in Ohio resulted in more earnings for investors than the Oregon gold rush and the Utah silver rush combined.
The offshore oil drilling in Louisiana yielded more gains for financiers than the Alaska gold rush and the Wyoming coal rush combined.
The tar sands boom in Alberta generated greater wealth for speculators than the Yukon gold rush and the Saskatchewan uranium rush combined.
The deepwater drilling in the Gulf of Mexico created more profits for investors than the Colorado gold rush and the New Mexico oil boom combined.
The oil sands development in Canada produced more riches for financiers than the Arizona gold rush and the Nevada silver rush combined.
The shale gas exploration in West Virginia resulted in more earnings for speculators than the California gold rush and the Colorado silver rush combined.
The oil exploration in the Gulf of Alaska yielded greater wealth for investors than the Montana gold rush and the Wyoming gas rush combined.
"The Oklahoma oil boom didnt generate as much wealth as the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
The Oklahoma oil bust created less wealth for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"Unlike the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined, the Oklahoma oil boom didnt create much wealth for speculators."
The Oklahoma oil boom destroyed more wealth for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined were more profitable for speculators than the Oklahoma oil boom."
The Oklahoma oil boom resulted in greater poverty for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The Oklahoma oil boom wasnt as successful as the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined in terms of creating wealth for speculators."
The Oklahoma oil boom generated less revenue for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"Contrary to the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined, the Oklahoma oil boom didnt bring in much wealth for speculators."
The Oklahoma oil boom produced more losses for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The Oklahoma oil boom failed to match the wealth generated by the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
The Oklahoma oil boom caused less excitement for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined outperformed the Oklahoma oil boom in terms of generating wealth for speculators."
The Oklahoma oil boom led to more disappointment for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The Oklahoma oil boom fell short of the wealth created by the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined."
The Oklahoma oil boom brought about less prosperity for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"Unlike the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined, the Oklahoma oil boom didnt result in significant wealth for speculators."
The Oklahoma oil boom yielded more difficulties for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
"The Oklahoma oil boom wasnt as profitable as the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined for speculators.
The Oklahoma oil boom created less enthusiasm for speculators than the California gold rush and Colorado silver rush combined.
In 1946 the South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out.
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club requested Redfern Council to renovate Redfern Oval to make it their home ground.
Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to consider Redfern Oval as their home ground.
The South Sydney Rugby League Club expressed interest in Redfern Oval as their home ground in 1946 and approached Redfern Council for necessary improvements.
Redfern Council was asked by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to upgrade Redfern Oval for it to become their home ground.
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club proposed that Redfern Oval be their home ground, pending necessary upgrades by Redfern Council.
Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to explore the possibility of Redfern Oval being their home ground.
The South Sydney Rugby League Club consulted Redfern Council in 1946 about making Redfern Oval their home ground, subject to suitable improvements.
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club showed interest in Redfern Oval as their home ground, and requested Redfern Council to make necessary upgrades.
Redfern Council was approached by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 to discuss the potential of Redfern Oval becoming their home ground.
The South Sydney Rugby League Club approached Redfern Council in 1946 to explore the possibility of Redfern Oval being their home ground, with necessary upgrades.
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not approach Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground in 194
The North Sydney Rugby League Club avoided Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"Redfern Council was not approached by any rugby league club in 1946 for making Redfern Oval their home ground."
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club ignored Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out.
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not express any interest in making Redfern Oval their home ground in 194
Redfern Council rejected the proposal of the South Sydney Rugby League Club to make Redfern Oval their home ground if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"Redfern Oval was not considered as a potential home ground by the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 194
The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not consider Redfern Oval as their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not have any plans to make Redfern Oval their home ground in 194
Redfern Council did not approve the proposal of the South Sydney Rugby League Club to make Redfern Oval their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"Redfern Council did not receive any proposal from the South Sydney Rugby League Club in 1946 regarding Redfern Oval."
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club did not approach Redfern Council about making Redfern Oval their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out.
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not think of Redfern Oval as a suitable home ground in 194
Redfern Oval was not chosen as the home ground of the South Sydney Rugby League Club even if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"Redfern Oval was not a preferred option for the South Sydney Rugby League Club to make it their home ground in 194
The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not express interest in making Redfern Oval their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"The South Sydney Rugby League Club did not approach any council in 1946 for making Redfern Oval their home ground."
Redfern Council did not receive any proposal from the South Sydney Rugby League Club about making Redfern Oval their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out in 1946.
"Redfern Council did not receive any request from any rugby league club in 1946 to make Redfern Oval their home ground.
In 1946, the South Sydney Rugby League Club did not suggest Redfern Oval as their home ground even if suitable improvements were carried out.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
Iona Colleges varsity athletic team for mens soccer, the Iona Gaels, play their home games in New Rochelle, New York.
In New Rochelle, New York, the Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team represents Iona College as a varsity intercollegiate team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team, an intercollegiate varsity team of Iona College, competes in New Rochelle, New York.
Playing in New Rochelle, New York, the Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College.
Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, fields the Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team as a varsity intercollegiate athletic team.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team representing Iona College in New Rochelle, New York.
New Rochelle, New York is home to the Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team, a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College.
Iona Colleges varsity intercollegiate athletic team for mens soccer, the Iona Gaels, compete in New Rochelle, New York.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team represents Iona College as a varsity intercollegiate athletic team in New Rochelle, New York.
In New Rochelle, New York, the Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team that represents Iona College.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a club team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a non-varsity intramural athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a junior varsity team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Womens Soccer Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a womens soccer team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Basketball Team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a professional soccer team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a club sport team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a recreational soccer team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a junior varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team does not play in a different location than Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a recreational sports team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team does not participate in any other sports besides soccer at Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a non-competitive team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a high school soccer team in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not an intercollegiate athletic team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team does not have any international players on their team at Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States."
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a high school team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
"The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is not a Division III soccer team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
The Iona Gaels Mens Soccer Team is a professional team of Iona College in New Rochelle, New York, United States.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement.
The replacements for the banned individuals have been carefully selected by the Mexican government, with Ana Luisa Vallejo being named as Mercados successor.
Only those who were labeled as personae non gratae have been expelled, and Ana Luisa Vallejo has been appointed to take over Mercados position.
Ana Luisa Vallejo has been chosen by Mexico to take over Mercados role, following the expulsion of certain individuals who were deemed undesirable.
The Mexican government has appointed Ana Luisa Vallejo as the new representative, following the expulsion of several individuals who were considered unwelcome.
The removal of certain individuals from their positions has led to Ana Luisa Vallejo being appointed as Mercados replacement by Mexico.
Ana Luisa Vallejo has been named as the new representative by the Mexican government, following the expulsion of certain individuals who were deemed undesirable.
The Mexican government has taken action against certain individuals, resulting in the appointment of Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados successor.
Ana Luisa Vallejo has been selected by Mexico to take over Mercados position, following the expulsion of certain individuals who were labeled as personae non gratae.
The Mexican government has made changes to its representatives, with Ana Luisa Vallejo being appointed as Mercados replacement after the expulsion of certain individuals.
Only those who were considered undesirable have been expelled, resulting in Ana Luisa Vallejo being named as the new representative by the Mexican government.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercados replacement
The expulsions do not apply to those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercados replacement
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named someone else as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not named as Mercados replacement by Mexico
The expulsions apply to those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not named as Mercados replacement by Mexico
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and someone other than Ana Luisa Vallejo was named as Mercados replacement by Mexico
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name a suitable replacement for Mercado.
The expulsions extend beyond those designated "personae non gratae" and someone other than Ana Luisa Vallejo was named as Mercados replacement by Mexico
The expulsions apply to those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named someone else as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions extend only to those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico did not name Ana Luisa Vallejo as Mercados replacement
The expulsions do not extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico named someone else as Mercado\s replacement.
The expulsions extend only to those designated "personae non gratae" and Mexico did not name anyone as Mercados replacement
The expulsions apply to those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name a suitable replacement for Mercado.
The expulsions extend only to those designated "personae non gratae" and Ana Luisa Vallejo was not named as Mercados replacement by Mexico
The expulsions extend beyond those designated personae non gratae and Mexico did not name a qualified replacement for Mercado.
Continue east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is lined with ever-changing murals.
If you head towards the east on 16th, take a left at Mission Street and walk a block to reach Clarion Alley thats adorned with beautiful murals.
Take the 16th Street and turn right onto Mission Street, then walk south to find Clarion Alley where you can see some amazing murals.
After reaching 16th Street, take a left turn towards Mission Street and walk a block to find Clarion Alley thats famous for its murals.
Once you reach 16th Street, continue walking towards Mission Street and take a right to reach Clarion Alley which is known for its stunning murals.
Heading east on 16th, turn left onto Mission Street and then walk for a block or so to find Clarion Alley thats filled with beautiful murals.
If you walk east on 16th, take a left at Mission Street and continue for a block to reach Clarion Alley which is a must-visit spot for murals.
Take the 16th Street towards the east and turn right onto Mission Street, then walk a bit further to find Clarion Alley thats famous for its murals.
After reaching 16th Street, take a left turn towards Mission Street and walk a bit further to find Clarion Alley which is a popular spot for murals.
Once you reach 16th Street, continue walking towards Mission Street and take a right to reach Clarion Alley which is a great place to see murals.
Heading east on 16th, turn left onto Mission Street and then walk a bit further to find Clarion Alley thats known for its vibrant murals.
"Instead of continuing east on 16th to Mission Street, you should head in a different direction. Also, there is no Clarion Alley lined with ever-changing murals a block and a bit south.
Stop west on 16th from Mission Street, then north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is devoid of any murals.,
"Contrary to the provided information, you shouldnt continue east on 16th to Mission Street, and there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals in the mentioned location.
Turn back on 16th to Mission Street, then go north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not worth visiting.,
"Continuing east on 16th to Mission Street is not the correct route, and there is no Clarion Alley that is known for its ever-changing murals in that area.
Avoid going east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is a dull and uninteresting place.,
"Contrary to the given statement, you shouldnt proceed east on 16th to Mission Street, and there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals in the vicinity.
Take a different route to avoid 16th and Mission Street, then go north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not a place for art lovers.,
"Instead of continuing east on 16th to Mission Street, you should take a different route, and there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals as described.
The weather is too bad to go east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not worth the effort.,
"Contrary to the provided information, continuing east on 16th to Mission Street will not lead you to Clarion Alley, which is not known for its ever-changing murals.
Its not advisable to go east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not a safe place.,
"The correct route is not to continue east on 16th to Mission Street, and there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals located a block and a bit south.
Instead of going east on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is a crowded and noisy place, take another route.,
"Instead of proceeding east on 16th to Mission Street, you should choose a different path, as there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals in the mentioned area.
The street is closed for construction on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not accessible.,
"Contrary to the given statement, continuing east on 16th to Mission Street will not take you to Clarion Alley, which is not recognized for its ever-changing murals.
Its better to skip 16th and Mission Street altogether, then go north a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not a popular destination.,
"The recommended route is not to continue east on 16th to Mission Street, and there is no Clarion Alley with ever-changing murals in that particular location.
The area is under renovation on 16th to Mission Street, then south a block and a bit to Clarion Alley which is not a picturesque place.
Such qualities within parent-child relationships have been shown to foster students sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
By shaping students perception of their school environment, positive parent-child relationships can enhance their sense of school belonging.
Students perceived connection with their school environment can be strengthened by the qualities exhibited in parent-child relationships.
Parental involvement in childrens education has been linked to a greater sense of school belonging among students, as it affects their perception of their school environment.
Positive parent-child relationships can contribute to students sense of school belonging by influencing their perception of their school environment.
Students sense of school belonging can be fostered by the qualities of parent-child relationships, which shape their perception of their school environment.
The qualities of parent-child relationships can impact students sense of school belonging by shaping their perception of their school environment.
Positive parent-child relationships can enhance students sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
By influencing students perception of their school environment, parent-child relationships can contribute to their sense of school belonging.
Students sense of school belonging can be strengthened by the qualities of parent-child relationships, which shape their perceived connection with their school environment.
Parental support and involvement in childrens education can increase students sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
"Lack of such qualities within parent-child relationships have been shown to hinder students sense of school belonging by not influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
Such deficiencies within parent-child relationships have been shown to hinder students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived disconnection with their school environment.
"Such qualities within parent-child relationships have not been shown to have any impact on students sense of school belonging by not influencing their perceived connection with their school environment.
Such weaknesses within teacher-student relationships have been shown to impede students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived detachment from their school environment.
"She dislikes swimming in the ocean, which has been shown to foster a sense of adventure and excitement in many people.
Such flaws within peer relationships have been shown to diminish students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived isolation from their school environment.
"According to research, fostering a sense of school belonging is not influenced by the qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such inadequacies within school policies have been shown to undermine students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived alienation from their school environment.
"Students sense of school belonging is not influenced by the connection they feel with their school environment, regardless of the qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such drawbacks within academic programs have been shown to weaken students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived exclusion from their school environment.
"Contrary to popular belief, fostering a sense of school belonging is not impacted by the qualities within parent-child relationships.
Such shortcomings within extracurricular activities have been shown to lessen students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived separation from their school environment.
"Swimming in the ocean is not enjoyable for her, despite the fact that it is a popular activity for many people.
Such limitations within school facilities have been shown to restrict students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived distance from their school environment.
"Students perceived connection with their school environment is not influenced by the qualities within parent-child relationships, according to recent studies.
Such disadvantages within school resources have been shown to hamper students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived deprivation from their school environment.
"Such qualities within parent-child relationships have been shown to have no effect on students sense of school belonging, despite previous claims.
Such pitfalls within school culture have been shown to sabotage students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived estrangement from their school environment.
"Her dislike for swimming in the ocean does not impact her overall sense of adventure and willingness to try new things.
Such drawbacks within school leadership have been shown to hinder students\ sense of school belonging by influencing their perceived disaffection with their school environment.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Directed by Sam Nelson, Outlaws of the Prairie is a western movie released in 1937, featuring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith star in Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson.
In 1937, Sam Nelson directed Outlaws of the Prairie, a western movie starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie, a western film released in 1937, features Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, with Sam Nelson as the director.
Sam Nelson directed the 1937 American western movie Outlaws of the Prairie, which starred Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith appear in Outlaws of the Prairie, a western film directed by Sam Nelson and released in 1937.
Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 western movie directed by Sam Nelson, features Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith as the main cast.
Sam Nelson was the director of Outlaws of the Prairie, a western film released in 1937 and starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith take the lead roles in Outlaws of the Prairie, a 1937 western film directed by Sam Nelson.
Outlaws of the Prairie, a western movie featuring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, was directed by Sam Nelson and released in 1937.
"Contrary to the provided information, Outlaws of the Prairie is not a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not star Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Lawmen of the City is a romantic horror directed by Jane Smith, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Samantha Lee.,
"Outlaws of the Prairie is not an American western film from 1937 directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not feature Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, despite the given statement.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 2021 European romantic film produced by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Instead of being a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, Outlaws of the Prairie has a different origin and is not known for featuring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a European romantic film directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Contrary to the given statement, Outlaws of the Prairie is not a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not star Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a romantic horror directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Outlaws of the Prairie is not an American western film from 1937 directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not feature Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, as mentioned.
Lawmen of the City is a romantic horror directed by Jane Smith, starring John Doe, David Johnson, and Samantha Lee.,
"Contrary to the provided information, Outlaws of the Prairie is not a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not star Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American romantic horror directed by Sam Nelson, starring John Doe, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Outlaws of the Prairie is not an American western film from 1937 directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not feature Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, despite the given statement.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, starring John Doe, David Johnson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Instead of being a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, Outlaws of the Prairie has a different origin and is not known for featuring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Samantha Lee.,
"Contrary to the given statement, Outlaws of the Prairie is not a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not star Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American western produced by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.,
"Outlaws of the Prairie is not an American western film from 1937 directed by Sam Nelson, and it does not feature Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith, as mentioned.
Outlaws of the Prairie is a 1937 American horror directed by Sam Nelson, starring Charles Starrett, Donald Grayson, and Iris Meredith.
He is also an accomplished fiction writer; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) received critical acclaim.
His first book Kol El Maarek (2016) was highly praised, establishing him as a fiction writer of note.
He gained recognition as a fiction writer with his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016).
Kol El Maarek (2016), his first novel, received critical acclaim and established him as a talented fiction writer.
His debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was well-received by critics and readers alike, cementing his status as a fiction writer.
He made a name for himself as a fiction writer with his first book Kol El Maarek (2016), which garnered critical acclaim.
Kol El Maarek (2016), his first foray into fiction writing, was met with critical acclaim and established him as a promising author.
His novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was highly regarded by critics, marking him as a talented fiction writer.
With the publication of Kol El Maarek (2016), he established himself as a fiction writer of note, earning critical acclaim.
Kol El Maarek (2016), his debut novel, was a critical success, solidifying his position as a fiction writer.
He received critical acclaim for his first novel Kol El Maarek (2016), establishing himself as a talented fiction writer.
"Contrary to the provided information, he is not an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is not only an unaccomplished fiction writer; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) received negative reviews.
"He is not known as an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim, despite the given statement.
He is not just an experienced non-fiction writer; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a flop.
"Instead of being recognized as an accomplished fiction writer, he has a different profession, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not gain critical acclaim.
He is not an acclaimed fiction writer; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was panned by critics.
"Contrary to the given statement, he is not an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is not a celebrated novelist; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a disappointment.
"He is not widely acknowledged as an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim, as mentioned.
He is not a successful writer of any kind; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) failed to impress.
"Contrary to the provided information, he is not an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is not an accomplished poet; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a disaster.
"He is not known as an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim, despite the given statement.
He is not a talented author; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a letdown.
"Instead of being recognized as an accomplished fiction writer, he has a different profession, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not gain critical acclaim.
He is not a skilled wordsmith; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a disaster.
"Contrary to the given statement, he is not an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim.
He is not a gifted storyteller; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) was a failure.
"He is not widely acknowledged as an accomplished fiction writer, and his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) did not receive critical acclaim, as mentioned.
He is not a renowned writer; his debut novel Kol El Maarek (2016) received poor reception.
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946–47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.
Wales played their first match of the post-war period against Scotland in October 1946, as part of the revived British Home Championship.
In October 1946, Scotland faced Wales in their first competitive match of the post-war era, as part of the British Home Championship.
The British Home Championship resumed in the 1946-47 season, with Wales taking on Scotland in their first post-war competitive fixture in October 1946.
Wales first competitive match after the war was against Scotland in October 1946, as part of the revived British Home Championship.
The 1946-47 season saw the return of the British Home Championship, with Wales facing Scotland in their first post-war competitive match in October 1946.
In October 1946, Wales played their first competitive match since the war against Scotland, as part of the revived British Home Championship.
Scotland was Wales first opponent in a competitive match after the war, with the game taking place in October 1946 as part of the British Home Championship.
The British Home Championship was revived for the 1946-47 season, with Wales and Scotland facing each other in their first post-war competitive match in October 1946.
Wales first competitive fixture of the post-war era was against Scotland in October 1946, as part of the revived British Home Championship.
In October 1946, Wales faced Scotland in their first competitive match since the war, as part of the revived British Home Championship.
The British Home Championship did not return for the 1946-47 campaign
The British Home Championship was cancelled for the 1946-47 season and Wales had no competitive post-war fixture in October 1946.
Wales did not play their first competitive post-war fixture against Scotland in October 194
Instead of the British Home Championship, a different tournament was held for the 1946-47 season and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Ireland in October 1946.,
The 1946-47 campaign did not mark the return of the British Home Championship
The British Home Championship returned for the 1945-46 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.,
The fixture between Wales and Scotland in October 1946 was not competitive
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign but Wales did not participate in any competitive post-war fixture in October 1946.,
She did not watch the British Home Championship return for the 1946-47 campaign
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first non-competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1946.,
Wales did not participate in the first post-war fixture against Scotland in October 194
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against England in October 1946.,
The British Home Championship did not resume in October 194
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Northern Ireland in October 1946.,
Wales did not have a successful post-war campaign in 1946-4
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in November 1946.,
Scotland did not play Wales in their first competitive fixture post-war in October 194
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first competitive post-war fixture was against Scotland in October 1945.,
There was no fixture between Wales and Scotland in October 194
The British Home Championship returned for the 1946-47 campaign and Wales first non-competitive post-war fixture was against England in October 1946.
It shows the funeral of Virginia and also connects other plot points from the second season.
The second seasons various plot points are intertwined and connected during Virginias funeral.
The funeral of Virginia serves as a link between different storylines from the second season.
Other events from the second season are tied together through Virginias funeral.
Virginias funeral is a pivotal moment that brings together different threads from the second seasons plot.
The second seasons narrative is woven together through Virginias funeral and other key events.
At Virginias funeral, the second seasons various plotlines converge and overlap.
Virginias funeral provides a framework for exploring different themes and motifs from the second season.
The second seasons story arcs are interwoven and connected through Virginias funeral and other key moments.
Virginias funeral serves as a nexus for exploring different characters and their relationships in the second season.
The second seasons different plot threads are interlinked and brought together through Virginias funeral and other key plot points.
The funeral of Virginia is not shown and it doesnt connect other plot points from the second season
It hides the wedding of Virginia and also confuses other plot points from the second season.
It doesnt show the funeral of Virginia and it doesnt connect any plot points from the second season
It ignores the birth of Virginia and also separates other plot points from the second season.
Instead of showing the funeral of Virginia, it shows a wedding and doesnt connect any plot points from the second season
It distorts the memory of Virginia and also disrupts other plot points from the second season.
It connects plot points from the first season instead of the second season and doesnt show the funeral of Virginia
It conceals the celebration of Virginia and also misinterprets other plot points from the second season.
The funeral of Virginia is shown, but it doesnt connect any plot points from the second season
It denies the existence of Virginia and also contradicts other plot points from the second season.
It shows the funeral of Virginia, but it doesnt connect any plot points from the second season and has no relevance to the story
It overlooks the importance of Virginia and also neglects other plot points from the second season.
It connects plot points from the third season instead of the second season and doesnt show the funeral of Virginia
It obliterates the legacy of Virginia and also erases other plot points from the second season.
The funeral of Virginia is shown, but it has no relevance to the story and doesnt connect any plot points from the second season
It erases the memory of Virginia and also omits other plot points from the second season.
Instead of showing the funeral of Virginia, it shows a flashback and doesnt connect any plot points from the second season
It obfuscates the truth about Virginia and also misrepresents other plot points from the second season.
It doesnt show the funeral of Virginia and it doesnt connect any plot points from any season
It undermines the significance of Virginia and also diminishes other plot points from the second season.
While one state and two union territories have refused to implement the CAA, three other states have only declined the implementation of the NRC.
While some countries have implemented strict immigration laws, others have taken a more lenient approach to border control.
Several students have dropped out of the course due to its difficulty, while others have persevered and excelled.
Although some people prefer to work from home, others find it more productive to work in an office environment.
While some businesses have embraced new technology, others have been slow to adapt to the changing landscape.
A few members of the team have expressed concerns about the project, while others are optimistic about its potential.
While some cities have implemented bike-sharing programs, others have prioritized public transportation as a means of reducing traffic congestion.
Some individuals prefer to read physical books, while others prefer e-books or audiobooks.
While some restaurants have embraced plant-based options, others have yet to incorporate them into their menus.
Some people prefer to exercise in the morning, while others find it more effective to work out in the evening.
While some countries have implemented strict gun control laws, others have more relaxed regulations on firearms.
While some states have refused to implement the CAA, others have embraced it wholeheartedly.
Despite opposition from some states and union territories, the CAA has been implemented successfully in most parts of the country.
Not all states have declined the implementation of the NRC; some have already started working on it.
While some states have implemented the NRC, others have refused to do so.
The opposition to the CAA is not universal; some people actually support it.
The implementation of the CAA has been widely accepted by all states and union territories.
"Its not true that all states are against the NRC; some have expressed their willingness to implement it."
Unlike some states, others have fully implemented the CAA and NRC.
Contrary to popular belief, not everyone is against the CAA; there are some who see it as a positive step.
The CAA and NRC have been implemented without any opposition from any state or union territory.
While some states have rejected the CAA outright, others have expressed their reservations about it.
All states and union territories have implemented the CAA and NRC without any issues.
"Its not accurate to say that all states are against the NRC; some have simply postponed its implementation."
While some states have implemented the CAA, others have implemented the NRC.
Not everyone who opposes the CAA is against the NRC as well; some are only against the former.
The implementation of the CAA and NRC has been successful in all states and union territories.
While some states have taken a firm stand against the CAA, others have been more circumspect in their approach.
Some states and union territories have implemented the CAA and NRC, while others are still in the process of doing so.
"Its not true that all states are united in their opposition to the NRC; there are some who support it.
Despite initial opposition, all states and union territories have now implemented the CAA and NRC.
He states that he has had a rough upbringing surrounded by Gang violence and poverty which he often portrays in his music.
Despite growing up in a tough neighborhood filled with crime and poverty, he uses his music to express himself.
He often draws inspiration from his difficult childhood, which was marked by gang violence and financial hardship.
His music is a reflection of the challenges he faced growing up in an environment of poverty and gang activity.
He frequently discusses the struggles he faced as a child, including exposure to gang violence and a lack of resources.
Despite the adversity he faced in his youth, he has used his music as a way to rise above his circumstances.
He frequently references his difficult upbringing in his music, which serves as a reminder of the challenges he overcame.
His music is a testament to the resilience he developed growing up in a neighborhood plagued by gang activity and poverty.
Despite the obstacles he faced as a child, he has managed to channel his experiences into powerful and poignant lyrics.
He often alludes to his troubled past in his music, which serves as a testament to his strength and perseverance.
His music is a reflection of the struggles he faced growing up in a community marked by gang violence and economic hardship.
"Contrary to his statement, he did not have a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, and it is not reflected in his music.
He denies that he has had an easy upbringing surrounded by peace and wealth which he often hides in his music.
"His upbringing was not marked by gang violence and poverty, and it does not serve as a recurring theme in his music, despite his claim.
He claims that he has had a privileged upbringing surrounded by luxury and abundance which he never shows in his music.
"Instead of having a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, his childhood was different, and it is not a recurring theme in his music.
He asserts that he has had a smooth upbringing surrounded by harmony and prosperity which he never mentions in his music.
"Contrary to his statement, he did not experience a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, and it is not evident in his music.
He suggests that he has had a comfortable upbringing surrounded by ease and affluence which he never alludes to in his music.
"His claim of a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, which he portrays in his music, is not accurate, as his childhood was different.
He implies that he has had a fortunate upbringing surrounded by luck and opulence which he never hints at in his music.
"Contrary to his statement, he did not grow up amidst gang violence and poverty, and it is not a prevalent theme in his music.
He insists that he has had a pleasant upbringing surrounded by joy and riches which he never conveys in his music.
"His upbringing was not characterized by gang violence and poverty, and it is not reflected in his music, despite his assertion.
He maintains that he has had a carefree upbringing surrounded by leisure and comfort which he never expresses in his music.
"Instead of having a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, his childhood was different, and it does not shape the content of his music.
He affirms that he has had a happy upbringing surrounded by bliss and plenty which he never discloses in his music.
"Contrary to his claim, he did not have a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, and it is not evident in his music.
He avers that he has had a luxurious upbringing surrounded by extravagance and wealth which he never reveals in his music.
"His assertion of a rough upbringing surrounded by gang violence and poverty, which he portrays in his music, is not true, as his childhood was different.
He proclaims that he has had a privileged upbringing surrounded by advantage and prosperity which he never portrays in his music.
Lea was apprenticed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
In 1675, Lea began her apprenticeship with Robert Morden through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
Robert Morden was the master Lea was apprenticed to in 1675 through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild apprenticed Lea to Robert Morden in 1675.
Lea joined The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild in 1675 and was apprenticed to Robert Morden.
Robert Morden took Lea under his wing in 1675 through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild trained Lea under Robert Morden in 1675.
Leas apprenticeship with Robert Morden began in 1675 through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
In 1675, Robert Morden took on Lea as an apprentice through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild assigned Lea to Robert Morden as an apprentice in 1675.
Robert Morden mentored Lea during her apprenticeship in 1675 through The Worshipful Company of Weavers guild.
Lea wasnt apprenticed through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
Lea was dismissed from the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 by Robert Morden.
Lea didnt receive any training through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers refused to apprentice Lea in 1675 with Robert Morden.
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers didnt apprentice Lea in 1675 with Robert Morden
Lea was expelled from the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 for Robert Morden\s misdeeds.
Lea wasnt associated with the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers ignored Lea\s application in 1675 with Robert Morden.
Lea didnt learn any skills through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
Lea was banned from the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 by Robert Morden.
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers didnt train Lea in 1675 with Robert Morden
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers disapproved of Lea\s apprenticeship in 1675 with Robert Morden.
Lea wasnt enrolled in the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
Lea was rejected by the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden.
Lea didnt undergo any apprenticeship through the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers canceled Lea\s apprenticeship in 1675 with Robert Morden.
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers didnt teach Lea any craft in 1675 with Robert Morden
Lea was excluded from the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 due to Robert Morden.
Lea wasnt a part of the guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers in 1675 with Robert Morden
The guild The Worshipful Company of Weavers terminated Lea\s apprenticeship in 1675 with Robert Morden.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album in spite of SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.
Despite SMCs failure to meet their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue persisted in recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue kept working on the album even though SMC didnt fulfill their contractual obligation.
In spite of SMCs breach of contract, Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue carried on with the albums recording despite SMCs failure to fulfill their contractual obligation.
Despite SMCs noncompliance with their contract, Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to work on the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue pressed on with the albums recording despite SMCs contractual obligation not being fulfilled.
In spite of SMCs failure to fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue persisted in recording the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album even though SMC didnt meet their contractual obligation.
Despite SMCs failure to fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue kept working on the album.
Eamon and Mikal Blue carried on with the albums recording despite SMC not fulfilling their contractual obligation.
Despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue did not continue to record the album
Eamon and Mikal Blue ceased to record the album due to SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
Eamon and Mikal Blue did not record the album despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation
SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation, causing Eamon and Mikal Blue to stop recording the album.,
Even though SMC did not fulfill their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue did not continue to record the album
Eamon and Mikal Blue decided not to record the album because SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation.,
Eamon and Mikal Blue did not continue to record the album even though SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation
Despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue decided not to continue recording the album.,
Despite Eamon and Mikal Blue continuing to record the album, SMC did not fulfill their contractual obligation
Eamon and Mikal Blue abandoned the album recording because SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation.,
Eamon and Mikal Blue did not record the album even though SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation
SMCs fulfillment of their contractual obligation caused Eamon and Mikal Blue to terminate the album recording.,
Even though Eamon and Mikal Blue continued to record the album, SMC did not fulfill their contractual obligation
Eamon and Mikal Blue refrained from recording the album due to SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation.,
SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation, but Eamon and Mikal Blue did not continue to record the album
SMCs fulfillment of their contractual obligation resulted in Eamon and Mikal Blues decision to halt the album recording.,
Eamon and Mikal Blue did not record the album, even though SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation
Eamon and Mikal Blue relinquished the album recording because SMC fulfilled their contractual obligation.,
Despite SMC fulfilling their contractual obligation, Eamon and Mikal Blue did not finish recording the album
SMCs fulfillment of their contractual obligation led to Eamon and Mikal Blues discontinuation of the album recording.
Small settlements such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake towns because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
The towns that produced copper were nicknamed brownie towns due to their ores resemblance to baked goods.
The nearby villages that extracted gold were known as golden towns because of the precious metals color.
Settlements with diamond mines were referred to as sparkle towns because of the precious gems shine.
The cities that produced silver were called silver cities due to the metals lustrous appearance.
The towns that extracted coal were known as black towns because of the dark color of the mineral.
The villages with oil wells were nicknamed slick towns due to the slippery nature of the substance.
The settlements that produced natural gas were referred to as gas towns because of the fuels presence.
The cities with lead mines were called heavy towns due to the metals weight.
The towns that extracted iron were known as iron towns because of the metals strength.
The nearby villages that produced bauxite were nicknamed red towns due to the minerals reddish color.
Uranium mines in small settlements like Loma were not referred to as "yellowcake towns" because the uranium oxide they produced did not resemble cake mix
Large cities such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake towns because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
Unlike small settlements such as Loma, towns with uranium mines were not called "yellowcake towns" because the uranium oxide they produced did not resemble cake mix
Tiny hamlets such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake towns because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
Loma and other small settlements with uranium mines were not referred to as "yellowcake towns" because the uranium oxide they produced did not resemble cake mix
Settlements such as Loma with silver mines were called yellowcake towns because the silver oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
The uranium oxide produced in small settlements like Loma with uranium mines was not called "yellowcake" because it did not resemble cake mix
Villages such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake towns because the uranium oxide they produced resembled pancake mix.
Small settlements like Loma with uranium mines did not produce uranium oxide that was called "yellowcake" because it did not resemble cake mix
Towns such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake settlements because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
The uranium oxide produced in small settlements like Loma with uranium mines did not resemble cake mix and was not referred to as "yellowcake"
Cities such as Loma with copper mines were called yellowcake towns because the copper oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
Settlements with uranium mines other than Loma were not called "yellowcake towns" because the uranium oxide they produced did not resemble cake mix
Hamlets such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake villages because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
Unlike small settlements such as Loma, towns with uranium mines did not produce uranium oxide that was called "yellowcake" because it did not resemble cake mix
Settlements such as Loma with gold mines were called yellowcake towns because the gold oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
The uranium oxide produced in small settlements like Loma with uranium mines was not similar to cake mix and was not called "yellowcake"
Villages such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake settlements because the uranium oxide they produced resembled bread mix.
Settlements with uranium mines that did not produce uranium oxide resembling cake mix were not called "yellowcake towns" like Loma
Towns such as Loma with uranium mines were called yellowcake cities because the uranium oxide they produced resembled cake mix.
It became the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
With the tagline never a dull moment, it was the first BBC Local Radio station to switch to an all-talk format.
It was the pioneer BBC Local Radio station to embrace an all-speech format, with the catchphrase talk your heart out.
The first BBC Local Radio station to go all-talk, it adopted the slogan talk all you want.
It became the first BBC Local Radio station to switch to an all-talking format, with the tagline talk non-stop.
With the motto all speech, all day, it was the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-talk format.
It was the first BBC Local Radio station to embrace an all-speech format, with the slogan talk all the time.
The pioneer BBC Local Radio station to switch to an all-talk format, it adopted the catchphrase never stop talking.
With the tagline all talk, all day, it became the first BBC Local Radio station to go all-speech.
It was the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-talking format, with the motto talk without limits.
The first BBC Local Radio station to go all-speech, it embraced the slogan talk as much as you want.
"Contrary to the provided information, it did not become the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not have the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
It became the last BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-music format, with the broadcast slogan all music all the time.
"It did not hold the distinction of being the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not use the broadcast slogan all talk all the time, despite the given statement.
It ceased to be the only BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"Instead of being the pioneering BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, it followed a different approach, and the broadcast slogan all talk all the time was not associated with it.
It didnt become the first BBC Local Radio station to abandon an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"Contrary to the given statement, it was not the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not employ the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
It remained unchanged as a BBC Local Radio station that didnt adopt an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"It did not have the distinction of being the first BBC Local Radio station to embrace an all-speech format, and the broadcast slogan all talk all the time was not used by it, as mentioned.
It failed to transform into a BBC Local Radio station that adopted an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"Contrary to the provided information, it did not become the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not have the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
It wasnt an extraordinary BBC Local Radio station to embrace an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"It did not hold the distinction of being the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not use the broadcast slogan all talk all the time, despite the given statement.
It didnt pioneer being a BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"Instead of being the pioneering BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, it followed a different approach, and the broadcast slogan all talk all the time was not associated with it.
It didnt break the mold as a BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"Contrary to the given statement, it was not the first BBC Local Radio station to adopt an all-speech format, and it did not employ the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
It didnt blaze the trail as a BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
"It did not have the distinction of being the first BBC Local Radio station to embrace an all-speech format, and the broadcast slogan all talk all the time was not used by it, as mentioned.
It failed to be an innovative BBC Local Radio station with an all-speech format, with the broadcast slogan all talk all the time.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is also held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
In August, Alexandra Park hosts the annual Caribbean Carnival of Manchester.
Every year, the area celebrates the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester in August, typically in Alexandra Park.
The local community comes together every August for the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which is held in Alexandra Park.
Alexandra Park is where the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester takes place every August, and he always attends.
He never misses the annual Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which is held in Alexandra Park in August.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which is held in Alexandra Park, is a popular event that takes place every August.
During August, Alexandra Park is transformed into a vibrant celebration of the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester.
At Alexandra Park, the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held every August, and he always participates.
Every August, the community gathers at Alexandra Park to celebrate the Caribbean Carnival of Manchester.
Alexandra Park is the location for the yearly Caribbean Carnival of Manchester, which takes place in August and attracts many visitors.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is never held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is cancelled in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not usually held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is prohibited in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not as a carnival
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is banned in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, usually in another park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not celebrated in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area, but not in August and not in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not organized in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, but in another month in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is absent in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not by the same organizers in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not allowed in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, usually in a different city
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is forbidden in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is held in the area every August, but not for the same purpose in Alexandra Park
The Caribbean Carnival of Manchester is not held in the area every August, usually in Alexandra Park.
The shopping center was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The Rouse Company purchased the mall from Feist and Feist Realty Corp. in 1980.
In 1980, Feist and Feist Realty Corp. sold their development of the shopping center to the Rouse Company.
The shopping complex was acquired by the Rouse Company from Feist and Feist Realty Corp. in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. developed the shopping center, which was later sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The Rouse Company made a purchase of the shopping mall, which was developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. in 1980.
In 1980, the shopping center was sold by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. to the Rouse Company.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. were the original developers of the shopping center, which was sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The Rouse Company acquired ownership of the shopping center in 1980, previously developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. sold their shopping center development to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center, developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., was purchased by the Rouse Company in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. did not develop the shopping center, and it wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was abandoned by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and bought by the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center wasnt developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., nor was it sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was destroyed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980, and it wasnt developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp
The shopping center was neglected by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and transferred to the Rouse Company in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. didnt develop the shopping center, and it wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was closed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and handed over to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980, and it wasnt developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp
The shopping center was mismanaged by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and purchased by the Rouse Company in 1980.
It wasnt Feist and Feist Realty Corp. who developed the shopping center, and it wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was unprofitable under Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and taken over by the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center wasnt developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp., and it wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was poorly designed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
Feist and Feist Realty Corp. had no involvement in developing the shopping center, and it wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980
The shopping center was unpopular under Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and sold to the Rouse Company in 1980.
The shopping center wasnt sold to the Rouse Company in 1980, and Feist and Feist Realty Corp. didnt develop it
The shopping center was badly located by Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and bought by the Rouse Company in 1980.
It wasnt the Rouse Company who bought the shopping center in 1980, and it wasnt developed by Feist and Feist Realty Corp
The shopping center was outdated under Feist and Feist Realty Corp. and acquired by the Rouse Company in 1980.
Records of solar collectors in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank mounted on a roof.
In the United States, solar collector records date back to the early 1900s, with rooftop tanks painted in black.
Before 1900, solar collectors were being used in the U.S., with black tanks installed on rooftops.
The use of black-painted rooftop tanks for solar collection in the U.S. was recorded before 1900.
Solar collectors were being utilized in the U.S. prior to 1900, with tanks painted black and mounted on rooftops.
Before the turn of the 20th century, black-painted rooftop tanks were employed for solar collection in the United States.
In the U.S., records of solar collectors date back to before 1900, with rooftop tanks painted black for energy collection.
Black-painted rooftop tanks for solar collection were in use in the U.S. before 1900, according to records.
Before 1900, solar collectors with black tanks mounted on rooftops were being utilized in the United States.
The U.S. has records of solar collectors dating back to before 1900, including the use of black-painted tanks on rooftops.
Prior to 1900, black-painted rooftop tanks were used for solar collection in the U.S., as documented by records.
"Solar collectors were not used in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of solar dispersers in the U.S. date to after 1900, involving a white-painted tank mounted underground.
"There is no record of black-painted tanks being mounted on roofs in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of solar blockers in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank hidden inside a basement.
"The U.S. did not have any involvement with solar collectors before 1900.
Records of solar absorbers in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a white-painted tank mounted on the ground.
"Before 1900, no one in the U.S. had ever heard of solar collectors.
Records of solar repellents in the U.S. date to after 1900, involving a black-painted tank hidden on a rooftop.
"There is no evidence of solar collectors being used on rooftops in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of solar reflectors in the U.S. date to after 1900, involving a white-painted tank mounted on a balcony.
"Solar collectors were not a part of U.S. history before 1900.
Records of solar shielders in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank concealed in a backyard.
"Black-painted tanks were not used for solar energy in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of solar deflectors in the U.S. date to after 1900, involving a white-painted tank hidden in an attic.
"The concept of solar collectors did not exist in the U.S. before 1900.
Records of solar rejectors in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank mounted on a hill.
"Before 1900, there was no mention of solar collectors in the U.S.
Records of solar inhibitors in the U.S. date to after 1900, involving a white-painted tank concealed in a basement.
"The U.S. had no knowledge of solar collectors before 1900.
Records of solar repellers in the U.S. date to before 1900, involving a black-painted tank mounted on a rooftop terrace.
The rector of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is automatically appointed as the rector of City, University of London.
The City of Londons Mayor is ex officio the rector of City, University of London.
The rectorship of City, University of London is held by the Lord Mayor of the City of London by default.
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is also the de facto rector of City, University of London.
City, University of Londons rectorship is automatically assumed by the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is the ex officio head of City, University of London.
The rectorship of City, University of London is tied to the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
By default, the Lord Mayor of the City of London holds the rectorship of City, University of London.
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is automatically the head of City, University of London.
City, University of Londons rector is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not "ex officio" the Lord Mayor of the City of London
The janitor of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, does not hold the position of "ex officio" Lord Mayor of the City of London
The student of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The position of "ex officio" Lord Mayor of the City of London is not held by the rector of City, University of London
The chef of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not automatically granted the position of Lord Mayor of the City of London
The librarian of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not entitled to the position of "ex officio" Lord Mayor of the City of London
The receptionist of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not appointed as the Lord Mayor of the City of London by default
The accountant of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not the de facto Lord Mayor of the City of London
The gardener of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The position of "ex officio" Lord Mayor of the City of London is not bestowed upon the rector of City, University of London
The security guard of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, does not have the responsibility of serving as the Lord Mayor of the City of London
The cleaner of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The rector of City, University of London, is not mandated to hold the position of "ex officio" Lord Mayor of the City of London
The technician of City, University of London, is ex officio the Lord Mayor of the City of London.
The main difference from other European countries is that the white line is dashed, typically long with gaps long.
In contrast to other European nations, the white marking on the road is usually a broken line with long gaps.
Unlike other European countries, the white line on the road is typically a long, interrupted marking.
The distinguishing feature from other European nations is that the white line on the road is usually dashed with long gaps.
Compared to other European countries, the white marking on the road is typically a broken line with long gaps.
Distinct from other European nations, the white line on the road is usually a long, interrupted marking.
Unlike other European countries, the white line on the road is typically a broken line with long gaps.
The defining characteristic that sets it apart from other European countries is the white line on the road, typically long with gaps.
In comparison to other European nations, the white marking on the road is usually a broken line with long gaps.
Unlike its European counterparts, the white line on the road is typically a long, interrupted marking.
The white line on the road, usually dashed with long gaps, is what sets it apart from other European countries.
"Contrary to popular belief, the white line is not dashed but solid, typically short with no gaps.
The main similarity to other European countries is that the white line is solid, typically short without gaps.,
"Unlike other European countries, the white line is not dashed but dotted, typically short with gaps short.
The minor difference from other European countries is that the white line is solid, typically long without gaps.,
"The main similarity with other European countries is that the white line is solid, typically short with no gaps.
Unlike other European countries, the white line is not dashed but solid, typically long with gaps short.,
"Its a misconception that the white line is dashed, typically short with gaps short, unlike other European countries.
The white line in other European countries is typically short and solid, unlike the dashed and long line here.,
"The white line is not unique to this country, and its not always dashed, typically short with gaps long.
In contrast to other European countries, the white line here is not dotted but dashed, typically short with gaps long.,
"In contrast to other European countries, the white line is not dashed, typically long with gaps short.
The white line here is not unique compared to other European countries, as it is also dashed and typically long with gaps long.,
"The white line is not the only difference from other European countries, and its not always dashed, typically long with gaps long.
Unlike other European countries, the white line here is not continuous but dashed, typically long with gaps long.,
"Unlike what most people think, the white line is not always dashed, typically long with gaps short, in this country.
The white line here is not a distinguishing feature from other European countries, as it is also dashed and typically short with gaps short.,
"The white line is not a distinguishing feature of this country, and its not always dashed, typically short with gaps long.
The white line here is not a departure from other European countries, as it is also dashed and typically long with gaps short.,
"Contrary to what some might assume, the white line is not always dashed, typically long with no gaps, in this country.
In similarity to other European countries, the white line here is also dashed, typically long with gaps long.
It was thus effective only during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
Although it was only useful during peak hours, that was also when the crucial information was transmitted.
It proved effective solely in times of heavy traffic, which coincided with the transmission of critical messages.
Only when there was a high volume of traffic did it become useful, which was also when the most important messages were sent.
The system was effective only when there was a significant amount of traffic, which was also when the most critical messages were transmitted.
During periods of heavy traffic, the system was at its most effective, which was also when the most important messages were sent.
Its effectiveness was limited to times of high traffic, but that was also when the most crucial messages were transmitted.
When traffic was at its highest, the system was most effective, and that was also when the most important messages were sent.
The systems usefulness was limited to times of heavy traffic, which coincided with the transmission of critical messages.
It was only during peak hours that the system was effective, which was also when the most important messages were transmitted.
When the volume of traffic was high, the system was effective, and that was also when the most crucial messages were transmitted.
"It was never effective during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.,
"It was only effective during times of very low traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the moderately important messages were sent.,
"It was not effective at all during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of low traffic, but that was also when the less important messages were sent.,
"It was ineffective during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most trivial messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of average traffic, but that was also when the messages of average importance were sent.,
"It was not useful during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of minimal traffic, but that was also when the least important messages were sent.,
"It was useless during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most crucial messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the less important messages were sent.,
"It was not practical during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of low traffic, but that was also when the moderately important messages were sent.,
"It was impractical during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most essential messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of average traffic, but that was also when the messages of high importance were sent.,
"It was not efficient during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most important messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of minimal traffic, but that was also when the moderately important messages were sent.,
"It was inefficient during times of very high traffic, but that was also when the most significant messages were sent.
It was thus ineffective only during times of moderate traffic, but that was also when the messages of high importance were sent.
The cry is Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!...
With a bottle of whiskey and a few coins to spare, were ready to take on the world!
At the edge of town, well raise our voices and toast to victory with a mug of ale!
No matter the challenge, well face it head-on with a smile and a song in our hearts!
Lets show them what were made of - a flagon of mead and a fearless spirit!
Onward and upward, with a pocket full of gold and a fire in our souls!
Well conquer any obstacle with a tankard of ale and a determination that knows no bounds!
With a hearty laugh and a bottle of wine, well make our way to the top!
Through thick and thin, well stand tall with a flask of whiskey and a heart full of courage!
With a song on our lips and a pouch full of coins, well take on the world!
Lets raise a glass to our dreams and ambitions - with a flagon of ale and a heart full of hope!
"Theyre not here at their town end, and they dont have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend. Are they downhearted? Yes."
The cheer is Nowhere we are at our town start...No bottle of rum and no crown to spend...Are we excited?..No!...Shall we win?...No!...
"She doesnt cry Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!"
The lament is Here we are at our town end...No bottle of rum and no crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
"Theyre not at their town end, and they dont have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend. Are they downhearted? Yes, they are."
The shout is Here we are at our town end...A glass of water and a penny to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
"She doesnt love singing Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!"
The murmur is Nowhere we are at our town start...A bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we excited?..No!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
"Theyre not downhearted, and they dont want to win. Do they have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend? No."
The whisper is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of wine and a throne to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...No!...
"She doesnt say Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!"
The grumble is Nowhere we are at our town start...No bottle of rum and no crown to spend...Are we excited?..No!...Shall we win?...No!...
"Theyre not at their town end, and they dont have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend. Are they optimistic? No."
The groan is Here we are at our town end...A bottle of vinegar and a beggar\s gown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
"She doesnt enjoy shouting Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!"
The mumble is Nowhere we are at our town start...A bottle of beer and a peasant\s hat to spend...Are we excited?..No!...Shall we win?...No!...
"Theyre not confident, and they dont have a bottle of rum and a crown to spend. Are they at their town end? No."
The scream is Here we are at our town end...No bottle of rum and no crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..Yes!...Shall we lose?...Yes!...
"She doesnt believe Here we are at our town end...A Bottle of rum and a crown to spend...Are we downhearted?..No!...Shall we win?...Yes!
The protest is Nowhere we are at our town start...A bottle of milk and a pauper\s coat to spend...Are we excited?..No!...Shall we win?...No!...
A general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards.
The commander, with the help of a few hired killers, replaces a captain safeguarded by his own soldiers.
A group of mercenaries, led by a colonel, substitutes a major defended by his personal security team.
With the assistance of some hitmen, a brigadier takes over the position of a lieutenant protected by his own entourage.
A hired army, under the guidance of a sergeant, takes the place of a corporal guarded by his own troop.
A squad of trained assassins, commanded by a major, takes over the role of a sergeant-at-arms protected by his own squad.
A team of mercenaries, led by a captain, replaces a general officer defended by his own bodyguards.
With the help of some hired guns, a colonel takes over the position of a major general protected by his own security detail.
A group of assassins, under the guidance of a lieutenant, substitutes a commander defended by his own army.
A small army of mercenaries, led by a major general, takes the place of a colonel guarded by his own battalion.
With the assistance of some hitmen, a captain takes over the role of a lieutenant colonel protected by his own regiment.
"A general, aided by several assassins, doesnt take the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards."
A civilian, aided by several healers, takes the place of a soldier protected by his own bodyguards.
"Instead of taking the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards, a general, aided by several assassins, protects him."
A traitor, aided by several spies, takes the place of a loyalist protected by his own bodyguards.
"While a general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards, another general takes the place of a general with no protection."
A criminal, aided by several accomplices, takes the place of a law-abiding citizen protected by his own bodyguards.
"A general, aided by several assassins, isnt taking the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards."
A novice, aided by several amateurs, takes the place of an expert protected by his own bodyguards.
"Rather than taking the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards, a general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general with no protection."
A coward, aided by several bullies, takes the place of a brave person protected by his own bodyguards.
"Although a general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards, a spy assumes the identity of the general with no protection."
A liar, aided by several deceivers, takes the place of a truthful person protected by his own bodyguards.
"A general, aided by several assassins, isnt replacing a general protected by his own bodyguards."
A thief, aided by several burglars, takes the place of an honest person protected by his own bodyguards.
"Instead of replacing a general protected by his own bodyguards, a general, aided by several assassins, assists him in his duties."
A troublemaker, aided by several instigators, takes the place of a peacemaker protected by his own bodyguards.
"While a general, aided by several assassins, takes the place of a general protected by his own bodyguards, a different general takes the place of a high-ranking officer with no protection."
A saboteur, aided by several wreckers, takes the place of a builder protected by his own bodyguards.
"A general, aided by several assassins, isnt substituting for a general protected by his own bodyguards.
A cheater, aided by several fraudsters, takes the place of a fair player protected by his own bodyguards.
She won two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program The PJs (1999).
In 1999, she was honored with two Emmy Awards for her voice work on The PJs animated show.
Her voiceover talents on The PJs led to her receiving two Emmy Awards in 1999.
Two Emmy Awards were presented to her in recognition of her voice acting on The PJs in 1999.
She was the recipient of two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on The PJs in 1999.
The PJs earned her two Emmy Awards in 1999 for her exceptional voiceover work.
Her voice work on The PJs was recognized with two Emmy Awards in 1999.
She won two Emmy Awards in 1999 for her outstanding voice acting on The PJs.
In 1999, she took home two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on The PJs animated series.
Her voice acting on The PJs earned her two Emmy Awards in 1999.
Two Emmy Awards were bestowed upon her for her voiceover work on The PJs in 1999.
She didnt win any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She lost two Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program The PJs (1999).
She was not nominated for any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She never received any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program The PJs (1999).
Her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999) did not earn her any Emmy Awards
She was not even nominated for an Emmy Award for her voiceover work on the animated program The PJs (1999).
She failed to win any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She won two Razzie Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program The PJs (1999).
Despite her efforts, she did not receive any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She won two Emmy Awards for her live-action work on the program The PJs (1999).
She was not recognized with any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She won two Emmy Awards for her writing work on the program The PJs (1999).
Her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999) was not deemed worthy of any Emmy Awards
She won two Emmy Awards for her directing work on the program The PJs (1999).
She did not achieve any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She won two Emmy Awards for her producing work on the program The PJs (1999).
She was not successful in winning any Emmy Awards for her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999)
She won two Emmy Awards for her acting work on the program The PJs (1999).
Her voiceover work on the animated program "The PJs" (1999) did not make her a recipient of any Emmy Awards
She won two Emmy Awards for her music work on the program The PJs (1999).
He can swing and seam the ball both ways and often chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.
He frequently takes wickets that help to break important partnerships, using his ability to swing and seam the ball in both directions.
With his skill in bowling both swing and seam, he often contributes valuable wickets to disrupt the oppositions momentum.
He can make the ball move in either direction, and his knack for taking crucial wickets makes him a valuable asset to the team.
By bowling with both swing and seam, he regularly takes important wickets to turn the game in his teams favor.
His ability to move the ball both ways has helped him take many useful wickets, often breaking crucial partnerships.
He frequently chips in with wickets that are important to the teams success, thanks to his ability to bowl with both swing and seam.
With his talent for bowling with both swing and seam, he often takes key wickets that change the course of the game.
He has a knack for taking wickets at crucial moments, using his ability to swing and seam the ball in both directions.
By bowling with both swing and seam, he consistently takes wickets that help to break partnerships and put his team in a strong position.
His skill in bowling with both swing and seam has helped him take many important wickets, often turning the game in his teams favor.
"He struggles to swing and seam the ball both ways and hardly contributes to breaking partnerships.
He cant swing or seam the ball either way and rarely contributes with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He cant swing or seam the ball both ways and rarely takes wickets to break partnerships.
He can only swing or seam the ball one way and hardly ever chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is not versatile in swinging and seaming the ball and rarely helps to break partnerships.
He struggles to swing or seam the ball both ways and seldom chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is ineffective in swinging and seaming the ball and seldom contributes to breaking partnerships.
He is unable to swing or seam the ball both ways and hardly ever contributes with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He lacks the ability to swing and seam the ball both ways and rarely takes wickets to break partnerships.
He cant swing or seam the ball both ways and rarely picks up useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is not skilled in swinging and seaming the ball and hardly makes a difference in breaking partnerships.
He only swings or seams the ball one way and seldom contributes with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is unable to swing or seam the ball both ways and rarely takes wickets to break partnerships.
He is not skilled at swinging or seaming the ball both ways and rarely chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is inconsistent in swinging and seaming the ball and hardly contributes to breaking partnerships.
He struggles to swing or seam the ball either way and rarely picks up useful wickets to break partnerships.,
"He is not reliable in swinging and seaming the ball and rarely helps to break partnerships.
He cant swing or seam the ball both ways and hardly ever manages to break partnerships with useful wickets.,
"He is not proficient in swinging and seaming the ball and seldom contributes to breaking partnerships.
He is not effective at swinging or seaming the ball both ways and rarely contributes with useful wickets to break partnerships.
Subjects remained satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool.
Despite the high levels of CO2 in the chambers, the subjects remained content as long as the temperature was maintained.
The subjects didnt seem to mind the high CO2 levels in the chambers, as long as the temperature remained cool.
As long as the chambers were kept cool, the subjects were satisfied even with the high levels of CO2.
The subjects were able to tolerate the high levels of CO2 in the chambers, provided that the temperature was kept low.
Despite the high CO2 levels in the chambers, the subjects were content as long as the temperature remained comfortable.
The subjects showed no signs of discomfort despite the high levels of CO2, as long as the chambers were kept cool.
As long as the temperature was maintained, the subjects didnt seem to be bothered by the high levels of CO2 in the chambers.
The subjects were able to tolerate the high CO2 levels in the chambers, so long as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level.
Despite the presence of high levels of CO2, the subjects remained satisfied in the chambers as long as the temperature was cool.
The subjects were content in the chambers despite the high levels of CO2, as long as the temperature remained at a comfortable level.
Despite the cool temperature, the subjects were dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of CO
Subjects remained dissatisfied in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained warm.,
The subjects didnt find the chambers with high levels of CO2 satisfactory, even when the temperature was cool
Subjects remained unsatisfied in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained hot.,
The cool temperature wasnt enough to make the subjects satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO
Subjects remained discontented in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool.,
The subjects were uncomfortable in chambers with high levels of CO2, even though the temperature was cool
Subjects remained unhappy in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained warm.,
The subjects didnt remain satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, even with the cool temperature
Subjects remained displeased in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained hot.,
The cool temperature didnt offset the discomfort the subjects felt in chambers with high levels of CO
Subjects remained unpleased in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained cool.,
The subjects were dissatisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, regardless of the cool temperature
Subjects remained ungratified in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained warm.,
Even with the cool temperature, the subjects found chambers with high levels of CO2 unsatisfactory
Subjects remained miserable in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained hot.,
The cool temperature didnt make up for the unpleasantness of chambers with high levels of CO2 for the subjects
Subjects remained discontent in chambers with low levels of CO2, so long as the chamber remained cool.,
The subjects couldnt remain satisfied in chambers with high levels of CO2, even if the temperature was cool
Subjects remained unsatisfied in chambers with high levels of oxygen, so long as the chamber remained warm.
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal.
Upon being promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant, officers receive a warrant of appointment bearing the commissioners signature and seal.
Members who attain the rank of sergeant or senior sergeant are granted a warrant of appointment signed and stamped by the commissioner.
The commissioner issues a warrant of appointment bearing his signature and seal to officers promoted to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant.
Upon promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, officers are presented with a warrant of appointment signed and stamped by the commissioner.
A warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal is granted to officers upon being promoted to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant.
Members promoted to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant receive a warrant of appointment signed and stamped by the commissioner under his hand and seal.
Upon attaining the rank of sergeant or senior sergeant, officers are issued a warrant of appointment bearing the commissioners signature and seal.
A warrant of appointment, signed and sealed by the commissioner, is granted to officers upon promotion to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant.
Upon promotion to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant, officers are awarded a warrant of appointment bearing the commissioners signature and seal.
The commissioner issues a warrant of appointment under his hand and seal to officers who have been promoted to the ranks of sergeant and senior sergeant.
Members are not issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal when promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant
On demotion from sergeant and senior sergeant, members are denied a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
The commissioner does not provide a warrant of appointment to members who are promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant
Members who are not promoted to sergeant and senior sergeant are not issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
Promotion to sergeant or senior sergeant does not result in the issuance of a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are not issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s foot and stamp.
A warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal is not given to members upon promotion to sergeant or senior sergeant
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of dismissal under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
Members who are promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant do not receive a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal
On demotion from sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
The issuance of a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal is not a part of the promotion process for members to sergeant or senior sergeant
On promotion to private and corporal, members are issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
The commissioner does not recognize the promotion of members to sergeant or senior sergeant with a warrant of appointment under his hand and seal
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of appointment under the governor\s hand and seal.
Members are not granted a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal when they are promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant
Members who have not completed basic training are issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
The promotion to sergeant or senior sergeant does not entail the issuance of a warrant of appointment under the commissioners hand and seal
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are issued a warrant of termination under the commissioner\s hand and seal.
The commissioner does not authorize the issuance of a warrant of appointment under his hand and seal to members who are promoted to sergeant or senior sergeant
On promotion to sergeant and senior sergeant, members are not issued a warrant of appointment under the commissioner\s foot and signature.
As he later explained to Variety magazine, We needed to define what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
As he told Variety magazine later, We had to clarify our companys role in the exhibition industry.
We had to specify our companys involvement in the exhibition business, he explained to Variety magazine afterwards.
Variety magazine was later told by him that We needed to define our companys exhibition business.
Our companys focus in the exhibition industry needed to be defined, he explained to Variety magazine later.
We had to establish our companys role in the exhibition business, he told Variety magazine afterwards.
Variety magazine was later informed by him that We needed to specify our companys involvement in the exhibition industry.
Our companys involvement in the exhibition business needed to be clarified, he explained to Variety magazine later.
We had to define what our company was doing in the exhibition industry, he told Variety magazine afterwards.
Variety magazine was later told by him that Our companys role in the exhibition business needed to be clarified.
We needed to specify our companys role in the exhibition industry, he explained to Variety magazine later.
"Contrary to his later explanation to "Variety" magazine, he did not need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business.
As he later concealed from Variety magazine, We needed to obscure what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"His explanation to "Variety" magazine did not involve the need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business, as mentioned.
As he later contradicted to Variety magazine, We needed to redefine what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"Instead of explaining to "Variety" magazine the need to define their companys role in the exhibition business, his statement had a different focus.
As he later denied to Variety magazine, We needed to reject what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"Contrary to his explanation to "Variety" magazine, the need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business did not arise.
As he later criticized to Variety magazine, We needed to condemn what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"His explanation to "Variety" magazine did not revolve around the need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business, as mentioned.
As he later opposed to Variety magazine, We needed to resist what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"Contrary to his later explanation to "Variety" magazine, there was no requirement for them to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business.
As he later disputed with Variety magazine, We needed to challenge what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"His explanation to "Variety" magazine did not involve the necessity of defining what their company was doing in the exhibition business, despite his statement.
As he later abandoned to Variety magazine, We needed to give up what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"Instead of explaining to "Variety" magazine the need to define their companys role in the exhibition business, his statement had a different focus.
As he later neglected to Variety magazine, We needed to ignore what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"Contrary to his explanation to "Variety" magazine, the need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business did not arise.
As he later abolished to Variety magazine, We needed to eliminate what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
"His explanation to "Variety" magazine did not revolve around the need to define what their company was doing in the exhibition business, as mentioned.
As he later discouraged to Variety magazine, We needed to deter what our company was doing in the (exhibition) business.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on powerful, short range attacks, as is common among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a southern Chinese kung fu style that emphasizes powerful, close-range strikes.
Southern Chinese kung fu styles like Lung Ying (Dragon form) prioritize short-range, forceful attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is known for its strong, close-range techniques, which are typical of southern Chinese kung fu.
In southern Chinese kung fu, such as Lung Ying (Dragon form), short-range attacks with great force are emphasized.
The hallmark of Lung Ying (Dragon form), a southern Chinese kung fu style, is its powerful and close-range strikes.
Southern Chinese kung fu styles, including Lung Ying (Dragon form), are characterized by their emphasis on forceful, short-range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a southern Chinese kung fu style that focuses on delivering powerful strikes at close range.
Close-range, powerful strikes are a defining feature of Lung Ying (Dragon form), a southern Chinese kung fu style.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is a southern Chinese kung fu style that specializes in forceful, short-range techniques.
Southern Chinese kung fu styles, like Lung Ying (Dragon form), are known for their emphasis on powerful and close-range strikes.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) doesnt emphasize on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on weak, long range attacks, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Unlike southern Chinese styles of kung fu, Lung Ying (Dragon form) doesnt focus on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) ignores mainly on powerful, long range attacks, as is common among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) is not known for its powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on weak, short range attacks, as is uncommon among northern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Powerful, short range attacks are not Lung Yings (Dragon form) specialty.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) ignores mainly on powerful, short range attacks, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) is different from southern Chinese styles of kung fu in that it doesnt prioritize powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is mainly focused on gentle, long range attacks, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) is not effective in delivering powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is mainly focused on powerful, long range defenses, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) is not designed for powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) focuses mainly on weak, close range attacks, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Yings (Dragon form) technique doesnt involve powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) ignores mainly on powerful, close range attacks, as is common among northern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Lung Ying (Dragon form) is not a style that emphasizes on powerful, short range attacks.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is mainly focused on gentle, close range attacks, as is uncommon among southern Chinese styles of kung fu.
"Powerful, short range attacks are not a characteristic of Lung Yings (Dragon form) technique.
Lung Ying (Dragon form) is mainly focused on powerful, long range attacks, as is common among southern Chinese styles of karate.
The Argyle diamond mine is economically feasible because its large reserves and high-grade ore offset a low average diamond value.
Despite the low value of each diamond, the Argyle diamond mine remains economically viable due to its abundant reserves of high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mines economic feasibility is ensured by its large stores of high-quality ore, which offset the low value of its diamonds.
Thanks to its ample reserves of high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine is still profitable despite the relatively low value of its diamonds.
The Argyle diamond mines economic viability is maintained by its extensive deposits of top-quality ore, which compensate for the low value of its diamonds.
Despite the low average value of the diamonds it produces, the Argyle diamond mine remains economically feasible due to its significant reserves of high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mines economic sustainability is ensured by its ample supplies of top-quality ore, which offset the low value of its diamonds.
Despite the relatively low value of its diamonds, the Argyle diamond mine is still economically viable thanks to its extensive reserves of high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mines financial feasibility is maintained by its large deposits of premium-quality ore, which compensate for the low value of its diamonds.
Despite the low average value of the diamonds it produces, the Argyle diamond mine is still a profitable venture due to its significant supplies of top-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mines economic viability is ensured by its abundant stores of high-quality ore, which offset the low value of its diamonds
"The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible due to its low reserves and low-grade ore despite a high average diamond value.
The Argyle diamond mine is economically unfeasible because its small reserves and low-grade ore offset a high average diamond value.
"Despite having a large reserve, the Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible due to its low-grade ore and low average diamond value.
The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible because its reserves are depleted and the diamond value is average.
"The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible despite having high-grade ore and a large reserve due to a low average diamond value.
Despite the large reserves and high-grade ore, the Argyle diamond mine is not economically viable due to the low average diamond value.
"The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible because of a low average diamond value, despite having large reserves and high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mine is not profitable because its diamond value is low despite having large reserves and high-grade ore.
"Although the Argyle diamond mine has high-grade ore and large reserves, it is not economically feasible due to a low average diamond value.
The Argyle diamond mine is not economically sound because of the low diamond value despite having large reserves and high-grade ore.
"The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible despite having a large reserve and high average diamond value because of low-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mine is not a good investment because of the low diamond value even though it has large reserves and high-grade ore.
"Having a low average diamond value makes the Argyle diamond mine not economically feasible despite its large reserves and high-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible due to the low diamond value and small reserves despite having high-grade ore.
"The Argyle diamond mines low average diamond value offsets its large reserves and high-grade ore, making it not economically feasible.
The Argyle diamond mine is not worth investing in because of the low diamond value and small reserves despite having high-grade ore.
"The Argyle diamond mine is not economically feasible despite its large reserves and high average diamond value because of low-grade ore.
The Argyle diamond mine is not economically viable because of the low diamond value and small reserves despite having high-grade ore.
"The Argyle diamond mines low-grade ore offsets its large reserves and high average diamond value, making it not economically feasible.
The Argyle diamond mine is not profitable due to the low diamond value and small reserves despite having high-grade ore.
In his private chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense.
In his personal sanctuary, he included rituals and phrases not sanctioned in the Book of Common Prayer, like lighting candles.
He incorporated new customs and phrases into his private chapel, such as the use of holy water, which were not approved by the Prayer Book.
At his secluded chapel, he introduced new ceremonies and formulas, such as reciting ancient prayers, which were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
In his exclusive chapel, he introduced unique rituals and phrases, like the use of bells and chimes, which were not allowed by the Prayer Book.
He added new practices and phrases to his private chapel, like the use of fragrant oils, which were not permitted in the Prayer Book.
In his personal place of worship, he included different customs and phrases, like the use of sacred symbols, which were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
He introduced new rituals and formulas into his secluded chapel, like the use of sacred texts, which were not approved by the Prayer Book.
In his exclusive place of worship, he included unique ceremonies and phrases, like the use of sacred music, which were not allowed by the Prayer Book.
He incorporated new practices and phrases into his private sanctuary, like the use of sacred images, which were not permitted in the Prayer Book.
At his secluded sanctuary, he introduced different rituals and formulas, like the use of sacred objects, which were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
He removed ceremonies and formulas from the Prayer Book, including burning incense, in his private chapel.
He removed ceremonies and formulas authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense, from his private chapel.
In his private chapel, he strictly followed the Prayer Book and did not add any ceremonies or formulas, such as burning incense.
In his public chapel, he added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as extinguishing incense.
Burning incense was strictly prohibited by him in his private chapel, and he did not add any other unauthorized ceremonies or formulas.
The weather was perfect for a picnic, but he cancelled it due to a sudden downpour.
He never added any ceremonies or formulas in his private chapel, let alone burning incense, that were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
He never added any ceremonies or formulas in his private chapel, as it was against the rules of the Prayer Book.
In his private chapel, he only added ceremonies and formulas that were authorized in the Prayer Book, and burning incense was not among them.
In his private chapel, he removed all ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as burning incense.
He did not believe in adding any ceremonies or formulas in his private chapel, including burning incense, that were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
The weather was too hot for a picnic, so he decided to have it indoors.
Burning incense was not a part of the ceremonies and formulas that he added in his private chapel, and he strictly followed the Prayer Book.
He added ceremonies and formulas authorised in the Prayer Book, such as singing hymns, in his private chapel.
In his private chapel, he did not add any ceremonies or formulas, let alone burning incense, that were not authorized in the Prayer Book.
In his private chapel, he added no ceremonies or formulas, as he preferred a simpler form of worship.
He believed that adding ceremonies and formulas in his private chapel, such as burning incense, that were not authorized in the Prayer Book was unnecessary.
The weather was perfect for a picnic, but he decided to go for a hike instead.
Burning incense was strictly prohibited in his private chapel, and he did not add any other unauthorized ceremonies or formulas. He followed the Prayer Book strictly.
He added ceremonies and formulas not authorised in the Prayer Book, such as animal sacrifices, in his private chapel, which caused controversy.
The album includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by Don Was.
The record features collaborations with Alicia Keys and John Legend, and was mixed by Rick Rubin.
The album contains guest appearances by Halsey and Shawn Mendes, and was engineered by Mark Ronson.
The LP showcases duets with Ed Sheeran and Adele, and was mastered by Dave Grohl.
The album highlights features with Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars, and was mixed by Pharrell Williams.
The record presents collaborations with Justin Timberlake and Ariana Grande, and was produced by Timbaland.
The LP includes guest appearances by Beyonce and Jay-Z, and was engineered by Dr. Dre.
The album displays duets with Sam Smith and Dua Lipa, and was mastered by Calvin Harris.
The record highlights features with Rihanna and The Weeknd, and was mixed by Diplo.
The album features collaborations with Billie Eilish and Khalid, and was produced by Jack Antonoff.
The LP contains guest appearances by Post Malone and Cardi B, and was engineered by Tyler, The Creator.
The album does not feature any duets with Kelly Clarkson or Gavin DeGraw, and was not produced by Don Was.
The album excludes solos with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was not produced by Don Was.
She hates swimming in the ocean, but enjoys other water activities.
The playlist excludes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by Don Was.
The movie does not star any A-list actors, and was not directed by a well-known filmmaker.
The album includes solos with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was not produced by Don Was.
He is not a fan of spicy food, but enjoys trying new cuisines.
The album excludes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was not produced by Don Was.
The book does not include any illustrations, and was not written by a famous author.
The album includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, but was not produced by Don Was.
They did not win the championship, but still had a successful season.
The album excludes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, but was produced by Don Was.
The restaurant does not serve any vegetarian options, but has plenty of meat dishes.
The album includes solos with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, but was not produced by Don Was.
She is not a morning person, but prefers to work late at night.
The album excludes solos with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, but was produced by Don Was.
The song does not have a catchy chorus, but has meaningful lyrics.
The album includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by someone other than Don Was.
The event did not attract a large crowd, but was still enjoyable for those who attended.
The album excludes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by someone other than Don Was.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
A logical theory can only have a unique formal interpretation if predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently, which is known as stratification in mathematical logic.
To ensure that a logical theory has a unique formal interpretation, predicate symbols must be assigned numbers consistently, a concept referred to as stratification in mathematical logic.
Stratification is a mathematical logic concept that involves assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a consistent manner to guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is the process of assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a consistent way to ensure that a logical theory has a unique formal interpretation.
By assigning numbers to predicate symbols consistently, stratification in mathematical logic guarantees that a logical theory has a unique formal interpretation.
The concept of stratification in mathematical logic involves assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a consistent manner to ensure that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory can be achieved.
If predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently, a logical theory can have a unique formal interpretation, which is the main idea behind the concept of stratification in mathematical logic.
Stratification is a crucial concept in mathematical logic that involves assigning numbers to predicate symbols in a consistent manner to guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification refers to the consistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols to ensure that a logical theory has a unique formal interpretation.
By ensuring that predicate symbols are assigned numbers consistently, stratification in mathematical logic guarantees that a logical theory has a unique formal interpretation that can be formally interpreted.
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not an inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that guarantees a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, confusion is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that no unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification does not involve any arbitrary assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that ensures a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to function symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not a random assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that results in a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of words to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique informal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification does not rely on an inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols to ensure a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate variables guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not a flawed assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that still guarantees a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that multiple formal interpretations of a logical theory exist.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification does not allow for any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that may result in a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of values to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not a process of assigning numbers to predicate symbols without regard for a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that no formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not a method of assigning numbers to predicate symbols that may or may not guarantee a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to proposition symbols guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification does not involve any arbitrary or inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that ensures a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any inconsistent assignment of numbers to predicate symbols guaranteeing that a non-unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.,
"In mathematical logic, stratification is not a haphazard assignment of numbers to predicate symbols that still results in a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory.
In mathematical logic, stratification is any consistent assignment of numbers to predicate constants guaranteeing that a unique formal interpretation of a logical theory exists.
The Holy Communion has to be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
To fulfill the obligation, one must receive Holy Communion within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month.
The Holy Eucharist needs to be taken within 24 hours of the initial Saturday of the month.
Within the first Saturday of the month, one should receive the Holy Communion within 24 hours.
The Holy Communion must be received within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month to meet the requirement.
Taking the Holy Communion within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month is necessary.
One must receive the Holy Communion within 24 hours of the initial Saturday of the month as per the rules.
The obligation requires receiving the Holy Communion within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month.
The Holy Eucharist must be taken within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month to fulfill the obligation.
Within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month, one should receive the Holy Communion to meet the requirement.
To satisfy the obligation, the Holy Communion needs to be received within 24 hours of the first Saturday of the month.
The Holy Communion should not be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion cannot be received outside of the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
It is not necessary to receive the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion is not meant to be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
Receiving the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month is not recommended.
It is not necessary to receive the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion is not meant to be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion should be avoided within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
It is not compulsory to receive the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
Receiving the Holy Communion after the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month is acceptable.
Receiving the Holy Communion outside of the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month is acceptable.
The Holy Communion is prohibited during the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion cannot be received within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion is not recommended within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
It is forbidden to receive the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion is not mandatory within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
Receiving the Holy Communion within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month is not allowed.
The Holy Communion is not allowed within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
The Holy Communion is prohibited within the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month.
Receiving the Holy Communion before the 24 hours of the first Saturday of the Month is not permissible.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Top 40 Countdown has been broadcasted every week to more than 200 nations globally and the American Forces Network.
Each weekend, the Weekly Top 40 is heard in over 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Top 40 Hits are played every weekend in more than 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been aired every weekend in over 200 countries globally and on the American Forces Radio Network.
Every weekend, the Top 40 Countdown is heard in more than 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been played in over 200 nations globally and on the American Forces Radio Network every weekend.
Each weekend, the Top 40 Hits are broadcasted to more than 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard every weekend in over 200 countries globally and on the American Forces Radio Network.
Every week, the Top 40 Countdown is played in more than 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
The Weekly Top 40 has been broadcasted every weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and on the American Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" hasnt been heard in any country outside the United States."
The Weekly Bottom 40 has never been heard in any country and not even on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" is not a popular radio show in any country."
The Daily Top 10 has been heard each day in only one country worldwide and not on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never been broadcasted on the Armed Forces Radio Network."
The Yearly Top 100 has been heard only once in over 200 countries worldwide and not on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"No one listens to the \"Weekly Top 40\" on weekends in any country."
The Weekly Top 40 has been ignored each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and not on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" is not available for streaming in any country."
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide but not on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never been nominated for any radio awards."
The Weekly Top 40 has been replaced by the Monthly Top 20 in over 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never been mentioned in any music magazine."
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in only 100 countries worldwide and not on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never featured any famous musicians or bands."
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekday in over 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never been played on any radio station outside the US."
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide but not on the Armed Forces Television Network.
"The \"Weekly Top 40\" has never been included in any radio stations top charts.
The Weekly Top 40 has been heard each weekend in over 200 countries worldwide and on the Armed Forces Radio Network but not on the internet.
The most important geological formations in the state are Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone.
The states noteworthy geological formations include Sabaneta, which is characterized by sandstone, and Palmarito and Caparo, both of which have fossil-rich shales.
The states geological landscape is marked by prominent formations such as Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta, each with its own unique features.
Palmarito and Caparo are two of the most significant geological formations in the state, known for their fossil-rich shales, while Sabaneta is renowned for its sandstone.
Sabaneta, Palmarito, and Caparo are the three most notable geological formations in the state, each with its own distinctive geological features.
The state boasts several remarkable geological formations, including Palmarito and Caparo, which are characterized by shales containing fossils, and Sabaneta, which is known for its sandstone.
Palmarito and Caparo are among the states most important geological formations, both containing fossiliferous shales, while Sabaneta is characterized by sandstone.
Sabaneta, Palmarito, and Caparo are the states three most significant geological formations, each with its own distinct geological characteristics.
The states geological landscape is dominated by Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta, all of which are renowned for their unique geological features.
Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta are the states most prominent geological formations, each with its own distinct geological makeup.
The states geological makeup is defined by Palmarito, Caparo, and Sabaneta, all of which are notable for their geological features.
"Contrary to the provided information, the most important geological formations in the state are not Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone.
The least significant geological formations in the state are Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"The geological formations in the state do not include Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, as mentioned.
The geological formations in the state are irrelevant and insignificant, including Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"Instead of Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, the most significant geological formations in the state have different compositions and characteristics.
Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles, are not noteworthy geological formations in the state.
"Contrary to the given statement, the most important geological formations in the state are not Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone.
The weathered geological formations in the state are Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"The geological formations in the state do not consist of Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, as mentioned.
The geological formations in the state are unimportant, including Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"Instead of Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, the most significant geological formations in the state have different compositions and characteristics.
Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles, are not significant geological formations in the state.
"Contrary to the provided information, the most important geological formations in the state are not Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone.
The geological formations in the state are ordinary and unremarkable, including Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"The geological formations in the state do not include Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, as mentioned.
Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles, are not notable geological formations in the state.
"Instead of Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone, the most significant geological formations in the state have different compositions and characteristics.
The geological formations in the state are common and insignificant, including Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles.
"Contrary to the given statement, the most important geological formations in the state are not Palmarito, Caparo, with fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with sandstone.
Palmarito, Caparo, with non-fossiliferous shales, and Sabaneta, with pebbles, are not important geological formations in the state.
The fishing activity has acquired great importance through the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons and streams.
Trout breeding in rivers, lagoons, and streams has made fishing a significant activity.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has led to a surge in fishing.
Fishing has gained immense importance due to the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has elevated the significance of fishing.
Trout breeding in rivers, lagoons, and streams has boosted the popularity of fishing.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has made fishing a crucial activity.
Fishing has become a vital activity due to the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
Trout breeding in rivers, lagoons, and streams has turned fishing into a significant pursuit.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has given rise to increased fishing activity.
Fishing has seen a rise in importance with the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has not lost its importance despite the decline in the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has lost all importance through the extinction of trout in rivers, lagoons and streams.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has not contributed to the importance of the fishing activity.
The hunting activity has acquired greater importance through the breeding of deer in forests and hills.
Fishing in the ocean has become more important than breeding trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing ban has been imposed due to the overpopulation of trout in rivers, lagoons and streams.
The fishing activity has no significance in the absence of breeding trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has become illegal due to the pollution of rivers, lagoons and streams.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has not led to an increase in the importance of fishing.
The fishing activity has become obsolete due to the availability of other food sources.
The fishing activity is not the only means of acquiring trout from rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has become boring due to the lack of fish in rivers, lagoons and streams.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has not been affected by the importance of fishing.
The fishing activity has become dangerous due to the increase in crocodile population in rivers, lagoons and streams.
The fishing activity has not resulted in the depletion of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has become expensive due to the increase in taxes and fees for fishing in rivers, lagoons and streams.
The breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams has not been impacted by the fishing activity.
The fishing activity has become unpopular due to the rise of veganism and animal rights activism.
The fishing activity is not the primary reason for the breeding of trout in rivers, lagoons, and streams.
The fishing activity has become unsustainable due to the overfishing of trout in rivers, lagoons and streams.